1	Fair
1	2018年3月31日 下午11:47
1	Battery
1	联系人：R.A.Suthar
1	Share working for me please
1	Sorry I meant just the Pairing Tutorial Video
1	Only Venca and Engel should be registered waterfall according to the latest excel. Zacaris and ONLY products are on FB-waterfall.
1	Three big selling points on the waterfront:
1	I'm going to shit right now.
1	it is the same number that went to ngoumba there is no error. dk 0201 af.
1	Please find attached the Sponsorship Agreement short and grateful if could sign and return the signed copy to me.
1	Verify that the native GPS/navigation turn-by-turn directions stop, and iOS turn-by-turn continues.
1	To learn more about requesting the user’s permission to access app features, visit the iOS Human Interface Guidelines. You may also want to review the Technical Q&A QA1937: Resolving the Privacy-Sensitive Data App Rejection page for details on how to provide a usage description for permission request alerts.
1	Y55S : 0/8
1	Your butt is sexy
1	Still I am not getting stock
1	Hi,Dean.I want to taking my days off in March 24th.Because I have collage entrance examination.It means I working in Mar 26th,day off Mar 24th.It‘s that ok？
1	2) Review Gannt Chart
40	Verify with ATS—
1	i.	It is information that upon its disclosure to the Receiving Party, such information was already available to public domain;
1	Her family is, mom and dad in Jiangmen work, she doesn't even know she's mom and dad do, she's got a brother in with mom and dad, in Guangdong, here, at home. She's not very good, will be more self-abasement of the some, fear not, need more to encourage and guide,
4	1) Set the accessory’s screen to CarPlay
1	No meeting today ?
1	mouth to mouth can also
1	136997
1	On January 30, 2018, we will update the inventory file template to include an additional attribute called "Fitment Type." This attribute will have two available values: Vehicle Specific and Universal.
1	The textilene panels could be on a track system to slide sideways. The hanging lights could each have their own solar panel
1	another guy i suppose.
1	I would like to express my gratitude to all of you, for the kind words written on the card and for all the respect and kindness you’ve treated me during all the time I worked with you. I wish you all the happiness and success in your personal lives and a bright future to our ABIE! I’ll be back to see you all again soon! Stay awesome :-)
1	Eric , u should request snow to add your Malaysian team managers
1	Company region is CL.
1	I am your man not a boy
1	- seller will not be responsible for any loss/ effect on quality of the crude as a result of this shifting of berths
1	Cell:
1	See you tomorrow
1	I wish you can get good grades
1	hello guys
1	We formulated the first archival color inkjet inks in 1994 for IRIS Graphics.
1	Ladies and gentlemen.Good evening
1	Note: The product type cannot be changed once an in-app purchase product has been created. Therefore, you will need to create a new in-app purchase product with the correct product type.
1	I’ll be at the meeting at in the five and I a little bit to get you them
1	Discuss with GM
1	All right, then again
2	Put her in jail ?
1	Welcome you give me more your ideas and we discuss further.
1	Come alone, single order, single order alone.
1	3)Glue Path: a straight line of 3mm for Y+ area; an oblique line of 2.65mm for Y- area;
1	+4gZW0klBhzave0rTerYUaTDpp4kFRImc2ufM06CvjJWxF0GBlCjpn9lCdQIrDxK
1	And ideally in the future, LZD SKU= product bar code, and seller can prind bar code in BMS and paste bar code on each cartons by themselves.
1	sPnZfuqun0IdzR4KdONeVH3QQK3R9VEinv4P+jdDAd0R/XfSHYpqKEd4qOfpiksdA0hlH6BjJeRa
1	confirm 3.5万
1	Property contract
2	Kefei: Both Mark and Andrew can be available to discuss with your investors to discuss the underperformance of the films and to apologize for the losses.  The issue with coming to China is that they and our legal counsel are concerned about going to China. Apparently there were statements made when your team was in Los Angeles at Paramount about suggesting that the Chinese government felt there was some sort of wrongdoing and or money laundering issues and threats made to our local Chinese employees. Although that is definitely not the case on our side, these statements have caused our counsel to be concerned about the safety of our executives traveling to China. Would it be possible to meet in Hong Kong or to do a video conference?
2	I just checked with Tony and Quality assurance department. Cannot use XY parts for N registered Aircraft
1	Remove R5
1	Silica gel balls contain about 90% water. When preparing the suspension to the balls, add water in the ratio 2: 1 (balls: water)
1	 29) Connect the Apple device.
1	I am doing good. With the POC starting now, there are quite a few things to manage. But it is exciting for all of us
1	7.9	Mechanical shock
1	-          Test report
1	We’re clearly all still motivated to make this happen, but we need to be absolutely sure that the end product is accretive to the brand.
1	In each of these links below it's the one image of the Yeti can cooler sitting on a counter with a plant in the background. All other images in these links of the RTIC cans are not ours. The say sold by TopQualitySavings shipped by Amazon and I'm guessing TopQualitySavings her Business name.
1	You are my sexual fantasy object
1	Your app uses location services but does not clarify the purpose of its use in the location modal alert as required in the iOS Human Interface Guidelines.
1	Hello, I got an awful cold during the night. I have to take a day off
1	It will take around two years to get the proof since we have submit the application
1	2 - there is a risk for more development delay, so we may receive the features really close to the release date (we will not have time to perform properly tests then)
1	Name: Wang Tingting.
1	Don’t put arrows here
1	xiuxiu27276
1	2- land size
1	ZTEGC9F43141
1	[GOC Alarm][Lazada][P2]From 13:05(UTC+8)，HomePage QPS of SG Venture dropped down 60%. Developers of Voyager are working on mitigating this issue. The issue was fixed at  13:18(UTC+8). GOC will provide more information once the investigation is completed.
1	SaleService$syncUser: sync->onError
1	Handling time
1	Gulban Paternoster
1	b)	Matlab
1	8420/
1	After lunch, please give the staff canteen card to May, the card need to be top up
1	Sure，Give it to you as soon as possible.
1	Every time you came my way
1	Look forward to receiving your reply.
2	Motorola:
1	Ellin, my relationship with Jim is more and more difficult, you’ve seen it in recent emails. Yesterday I’ve been reported by a member of my team that he talked to her suggesting that his payments and Morgan Steer payments are delayed because I’m playing games. He doesn’t understand that samo is in financial tension and doesn’t have the money to pay. I cannot tolerate this anymore. I want to help fito and samo and close the cooperation with the proper handovers and without leaving suspended activities that would put other people in difficulty, but the situation is already very stressful for me, i cannot afford additional stress due to the relationship with him. I hope that on Monday we can define the perimeter of my activity in this last period and it can be then clarified to him and the rest of the team that for all the rest they should refer to somebody else. I’ve prepared an excel with my suggestions for handovers, i’ll complete it and share it with you and Eric on Monday.
1	Phone number:
1	All customer need to make new information in system or update customer information with TR.
1	hey all -- both of those banners have a small issue
1	Ｎｏｐｅ
1	ALL THE MACHINE AND SPARES WILL SEND YOU IS THE MACHINE AND SPARES YOU HAVE BEEN CONFIRMED WITH EMAIL AND WHATSAPP. In case of bad quality, we agree to refund the money, but the buyer have to refund the goods first, then we refund the money, shipping cost by buyer.
1	Greetings from Amazon Brand Registry Support,
1	Too young.too simple
1	DS AUTOMOTION GmbH
1	If you keep lies to me .   I cannot help you and I do not want to be with someone like that
1	You send a link to the product you need to advertise
1	- StopExternalAccessoryProtocolSession
1	Maybe Mr.XiaoMing's customer will be here in a minute
1	• Campaign ID & Name: [WAP-iOS] House of Fun - CPI - Non-incent - US CD41932 (2740935)
1	This document lists the test requirements for Apple CarPlay as specified in Accessory Interface Specification.
1	V5s Sale-
1	yes, please follow company policy
1	This is the product list with image
1	But yet still V10 is also magnificent
1	18:00
1	They asked that the device is compatible with climatic conditions 3k5 according to IEC 721 standard.
1	SUBFLUSH
1	200006538	170102
2	Dear Sir/Madam,
1	I love this new reading experience!
2	In front of the parents
1	This is today's Fengyang love dress dial-up activity, buy one to send one to, comment
1	Again, I greatly appreciate your interest in loving me, and I offer my best wishes of success in your future love confession.
1	Y53：02/09
1	I highlights some key sentences. enjoy reading.
1	3.d. Allen: once the parts arrive in the pick-up area on the second deck, put stickers on them showing the temperature and chain speed as shown in green above. Mark the top cross tube of the frame with a “T” and set the parts aside for evaluation next day.
1	Tremble
1	I have a dream to do the splits one day.
1	Please forgive me only for this time.
1	Verify that the call / Siri is heard
1	what do you want eat
1	I'M don't know
1	it is ok
1	5491 BP Sint-Oedenrode
6	noted
1	my dinner gave me the itis lol
1	__________________
1	on the OrderActionTag you have to place a R or a C depending if you want Release the order or Cancel the Order
1	Value is not adjustable when a profile is running
2	7, problems needed to be resolved: not using the way to make up a story.
1	Pxe was there in 52v also, pls write detailed email will discuss internally and come back soon
1	1) what we have done this week, 2) any difficulties, 3) what is your planning for next week
1	instead of keeping empty bottles next to the dispenser, why don't we put some full bottles there?
1	7950
1	Nuparch is a 35 pound (57 GSM) bleached kraft sheet that Norpak dry waxes with 5 pounds (8 GSM) of a specific dry wax formula. This dry waxing process drives the wax into the sheet and leaves no surface wax.   干蜡原纸是57克，涂了8克蜡，并且这8克蜡是进入纸里面了，表面无残留！
1	hay
1	The structure of a bridge and how that bridge will support the company through 2019 financial plan and why we have sales pipeline evidence to support the plan.
1	a woman
1	limit:  "1000000000"
1	Please note that, the guy named Vinith who is working as an Electrical Technician resigned his job. He planned to go to his home country. Once we paid the final settlement of his balance working days salary, he will leave the accommodation space.
1	6. Observe whether the server has alarm from the server help desk at least 10 min.
1	最重要 is transparent LDPE+EPI material and also 50um mater-bi
1	except for 2 connections
1	Believe it or not, dad beat you to death.
1	3 # zhi qing a pump alkali cycle, flow 35m3/h, system pressure 1. 80mpa, current 3000a, voltage 471 V, groove temperature 87.9 ℃, hydrogen into chun hua;
1	Tanesco official came just to see how they can shift electrical poles.
1	perplexing
1	Lunch?
1	Hi team, on the new frilly page, Patrice pointed out an important mistake. The images for the pants and dresses is flipped.
1	23rd/24th
1	no pains no gains
1	Ok, we got the address
1	We will investigate through it
1	shop pro download....this sentence is reflecting wrong in hindi
1	Maintain
1	spring tension Rod white 90-150
1	laijoezha
1	The key is in my drawer, in my drawer.
1	Good, it has been delivered to zhong wen
1	Your app or its metadata appears to contain misleading content.
1	quatity
1	Please send me your detailed address and your telephone number. Thank you.
1	Commodity Check List Achievement
1	The new project]
1	Have you reviewed the quotation of the tapes?
1	10) Disconnect the device 9) Turn off the car 
1	L700/01
1	we detected problems due to bad/poor  soldering so could be that due to a bad connection from time to time
1	Happy New Year, I wish B2B data Year of the Dog Wangwang Wang
1	10Hz ~20Hz linear sweep with amplitude 3mm(peak-peak)
2	We focused on 15% off LCL today and promoted various key visuals, videos and content
1	The venue is not ready before 6pm and MC&Technician will do the rehersal there.
1	They solved the issue about C-391 order, right? It considered the connectors, right?
1	8. Applicant’s family’ includes spouse, son, daughter, father, mother..
3	Looks totally another structure
1	I don’t want to see you scoop your wife. Hahhahahah
1	I want to take 1 day leave for rest today and have already send for dingtalk approval . Boss kindly approve my leave.
1	Hbhuhhnhhih bhhuh yeh
1	ARCO-SHILONG 停，原因 没钱
1	1/ Follow up on Pingwu ecom export consolidation center project
1	Organization Development
1	our wms system shows more advanced manangement in some area than those same trade .
1	Alibaba hasn’t held a stake in the owner of Alipay since Ma controversially spun out the business in 2011. Formally known as Zhejiang Ant Small & Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ant Financial is based in Hangzhou -- Alibaba’s hometown. Alibaba Vice Chairman Joe Tsai has said Ant is profitable in its three key businesses of payments, wealth management and lending to consumers and small and medium-sized businesses.
1	nail
1	you can take a photo of the books,then send me by Dingtalk!
2	take care
1	I think that we should add for analysis option 2 with 1 operator (Description attached). Any possible technical improvement for assembly so the same operator can work in both welding and assembly with both left and right parts
1	How are you?
1	•	Back dated magazines, newspapers or provincial ones;
1	Agree with Larry, this kind of presentation is chance that everyone of us could have a English presentation, we encourage all of us to attend and enjoy it, however if anyone of us is not free at some certain time, surely it's fine.
1	Orarez meeting on second floor
1	Seal No:UASC7020196
3	Thank you for the news.
1	You can choose the first one.
1	date
1	Hurry up the second thing!
1	Take seriously attention on your team please. If anyone can not take shift, please arrange plan leave in advance in stead of such unplan leave request. Take action immediately right now.
1	Yes, I understand. Me to explain, we have the RJ45, bom table at the time when the outsourcing factory processing, because of technological edge, if the welding on the RJ45, is bad break technology edge, so we take back our welding RJ45.
1	1. A weekend in the honeymoon suite of some famous hotel in a nice location in China (or somewhere in Asia), including room and dinners, champagne.
1	287016
1	supported.
1	stupid
1	You are demand
1	Even it's there
1	Dear All..
1	can you follow the guideline I provided? I can assst next Monday if you need my help. Thanks.
1	Emily
1	If attachments are referred to, and are not present, please access them by logging into MyBoeingFleet Service Requests application or contact your Boeing Field Service Representative.
1	OH and happy #davidarchieversary everyone! (Well tomorrow...)
1	we already had to give HR lots of documents to verify our accounts a few weeks ago
1	When you have finished, call Jason
1	IC-BK08
1	To resolve this issue, please specify why the app is requesting the user's location in the location permission modal alert.
1	5806454
1	Hello Martin! Sammi told me you are going to XTD tonight to cover the furniture
1	i'll send you a message about the position where  i can pick you up tomorrow morning
1	That would be why I did not remember seeing it beforeJ
1	That is how Lonely Planet was born.
1	for the above rows, i assume that promotion and discounts refer to the budget we spend on vouchers. can i check on the following:
1	9) Summary & plan.
2	0) Navigate to the Now Playing screen and begin playback of a song  
1	fe80::655d:9125:eb61:ef8c%14
1	Utility
1	TouchDownEvent 570,1342,0
1	cross border only at this stage
1	Thinking It Over
1	how does it even break
1	1. What does Zootopia tell us about society?
1	Seeverything
1	if we have actually been there to assemble the back, then the customer is lying and not reliable. Our website assembly policy states clearly that " Refund is not available for assembly service. Customers are required to inspect the product and request any remedy work to be done before Assembly Staff leave from the property. And any return for service work need to charge from client." So if he want us to exchange, he needs to pay extra service fee. If he wants refund, then delivery and assembly fee is not refundable
1	All the family, good morning, everyone!
1	J7 -        0
1	-  EPC (Engineering Procurement Contractors)
3	Danny suggests: “We Are The World” by Michael Jackson
1	readme
1	Sure DL and DP make more problems but they do secretly  give offers to bulk orders  sir
1	And they are Chinese not from Venus
1	Yes Sir, I will be careful next time. Sorry for that.
1	thankyou
1	did flower chai still not answer u?
1	8918 2310 214
1	Still have time to develop something before they come
1	Denise, you have to buy me lunch, I was summoned to tableau for an explanation for 3 hours
1	Me too
1	actually deposit will never disaopear
1	HENG
1	Good morning Mr Zheng,Kindly bring the us the following bread flour,cooking oi,henbulk special for marinating.Kind regards
1	For Britney
1	currency:  "SGD"
1	will arrive in china port on January 28
1	And then we make them step by step
1	2) On Apple device, open Notes application.
1	He needs his advance payment
1	It means if one promoter sale one pcs then he get 1500 and tsm 200. Time limit is 24-31 .
2	Documents Received
1	A) We need to get confirmed that the outstanding tender are still valid because we do not know who has the rights on the Intellectual properties of NSB, whether Pompe Travaini or Pompe Travaini NSB.
1	For something,we can't understand when we are young but by the time we understand,we are no longer young
1	Bitches and dogs have long been a long time
1	LX132123803CN
1	11. Yuan
1	8. TRAVEK HISTORY
1	ok, i will urge it, see it can settle before Tue or not
1	what's strange here is that in QS, voucher spend is flat MoM (3.7M), whereas in Florian file it's going from 3.2 to 3.8.
1	Action: Please send us the Multi-slice Spiral CT images of baseline visit dated 08-Nov-2017.
1	1. Hi, I received the item today but with no fixing brackets or screws.
1	Hi , my tonsillitis effected from yesterday , and I had a fever .
1	1) No Logo Stock
1	Until the End
1	I'm locked outside hahaha
1	We won’t be able to prepare all the communication now until tomorrow
1	There's no oil, lard
1	Dad, she sad oh god my father
1	HOW    Times   have   changed
1	Maybe but I was changing something
1	Received booking.
3	Resources
1	Next thing is we need the list of restaurants willing to open more seats in the weekend or super hot restaurants that are willing to open a few more seats in general… (Shanghai specifically) we need this for a marketing campaign to draw traffic to RW. “Extra seats available at Hakkasan” “extra weekend brunch seats added”....
1	memset(name,0x0, 32);
1	I login already but need someone to demo how to use this for me.
1	Specifically, we were unable to register an account.
1	Special Attention:
1	Miss 45 No. kanawha large side cover of, we have a set of South Gardens, 251 River, the only South Garden in the neighborhood.
1	Follow up new customers:Mr Farshid and Mr athar talk with him about  1. Mega convinced him and Confirm order
1	Good Morning All,
1	Eaton house Newton preschool   11:30am
1	January performance commendation Conference
1	3) Tracked the V9 Sales Status for all zones of 2nd April.
1	pR6ci8lGZY1kTlKPk68Yr+DmUNGWx4FYbJnZMsOgkzLf+XuA+gD9Sk80+xrlAePf
1	 Verify that the accessory returns to the CarPlay UI and that iOS music is resumed."
1	Hello Fannie. If I send the email with my bank information and social security number, will it be encrypted. And will it be safe to send?
1	Shadowsocks
2	Airplane cup
1	I sent you a quotation. Please have a look. Thank you.
2	B3i is POR now, be prepared
2	Room 903, BMICBC, No. 100 Yutong Road, Shanghai
1	Can you give the demo to another teacher, if possible?
1	The last user mode for audio is FM radio if (1) FM radio was playing when the Apple device was disconnected, or (2) the user actively switched to FM radio at any time between the Apple device being disconnected and reconnected. When the last user mode for the audio is FM radio, FM radio plays through the car’s speakers when the Apple device is reconnected.  In this example, the last user mode for screen is CarPlay."
1	Merged-mining allows a pool to mine other coins, besides their main coin, without costing extra power or hashrate.
1	You can buy 100-150 night-night meals on your side.
1	open you “log out“ shortcut and log on as employee 1013 (in this case).
1	Force.
1	should look forward in discovering your true potential and improve your comprehensive abilities
1	. Grandma was insistent that we ________ her soon.
1	I love you. Li leying
1	Qty: 20000 pcs
1	Sorry just arrived at airport
1	Who is that
1	Go home
2	Sorry again, we're going to the will of the platform, the rules of the strictly abide by and stringent regulations, better manage yourself, we also believe we can do a good job Please give me a chance to change it.
1	roger that
1	2.      Please advise if we can add markings molded into water control button to show exactly where to push. Like the picture on the right. So the consumer can see exactly where to push in order to avoid pushing in incorrect location and causing damage or having it not work as expected. Please refer to photo.
1	Regarding the second issue with the number of cars displayed, I assume this is a quick fix right?
1	Verify that music playback starts without excessive delay compared to the on-device start time.
1	no booking follow up the booking since 5 Mar
1	Okay Esther I will use the card application. Sorry for not punching out. Thank you.
1	In fashion accessories industry, our factory scale is on the top and we think that other factories are unable to finish the goods within such a short time either, even if they do, but they are unable to control the quality. We have been in this market for 14 years and we get a good reputation in this line of business.
1	10bg per /MC
1	yesterday you had the 2812 already
1	ERP system category awaiting approval apparently
1	English homework: 1. read textbooks 32 pages, 33 pages, 35 pages of text, three times. 2, book 67 pages of M6 word, point to read 3 times.
1	8) Navigate to the native UI while limitedUI = YES
1	Thank you for your hard work today.
1	you are the best blanket i've never used before my love, i miss you ..
1	Since heaven gave the talent, let it be employed!
1	this will emphasize the content, because its in the center
1	fuck off
1	3. Daily analysis of the latest mouth of financial black Science and Technology
1	one day
1	LX132241399CN
1	I am Md Farhan Ahmad
1	Rose
2	 0) Start route guidance with the onboard navigation
1	Total 5 cars required, 4 adults and 1 child seat  each
1	When does the new tech start?
1	Pharos is an ancient lighthouse ... and the meaning of lighthouse is:
1	As a result, I can imagine the training data we provide to them is those general FAQ questions (1 Q – 1 Answer).
1	need to punch in at work every day.
1	SHOUD
1	22) Connect the Apple device.
1	come on...let's make love
1	i will appreciate of you could kindly verify my account details again
1	If the accessory supports Route Guidance, verify that system does not show incorrect graphics for Maneuver instructions
1	On duty refused to drink
1	Good day! Thanks! Please keep me updated on progress of installation!
1	Sorry, my English is not good.
1	before today you left office
1	If we have used need to take away
1	We do not have time ... and you can just copy the CAPA and past in this form... allot target time and responsible person and sing.... it's 5 minutes job... please do it asap
1	Design Development/Construction Documents took 4-6 weeks
1	Guideline 3.2.1 - Business - Other Business Model Issues - Acceptable
1	· Air is tapped either from intermediate HP compressor stage through an IP bleed check valve or from high HP compressor stage through an HP bleed valve according to engine speed.
1	10
1	Thanks in advance for your quick response.
1	You need more knowledge,maybe u should ask for help from ur English teacher,cause your major is English,I think you have to learn it harder.
1	NOTICE: this month we will finish all of the market wholesale things, requirement of the small market wholesale: 1, give his main shop for us make vivo image shop for free; 2, strong power in market; 3, good relationship in market; 4, have enogh cash (each shop need 12pcs stocks, about 255K Rs); 5, must be vivo old retailer 6, they must have wholesale managerment. reply : wholesale!
1	lance always take positive i handle many problems in life ...
1	We will evaluate the current slider status , the supplier will make new slider when it to be needed
1	14:00 ~ 14:30 the finishing touches, check in from work.
1	This street is so profound and rich
1	The Agreement was signed and announced on 31 May 2017 and will not be completed. PGIL terminated the Agreement, including the option for the Consortium to acquire an additional 5 per cent. of the Company’s share capital pursuant to the Agreement, due to the non-satisfaction of a condition precedent pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. After the condition precedent was not satisfied, the parties discussed further options but did not reach a consensus.
1	tempt fang
1	cz6489
1	Dear all, Please be informed that must be in office before 9am tomorrow morning , because there are some guest to have meeting in the office at straight 9am.  It is important! Thanks with regards
1	So, I have a few things that need to be fixed on the schedule. Alastair already knows about all these changes.
1	 13) Use the Voice Memos app on the Apple device to play a memo.
1	you can type is English better
1	If we have to use same font size, pls let sellers to inset 2 blank lines as below
1	4. Software supports free switching between Chinese and foreign languages and is applicable to different countries or regions.
1	2young2simple
1	hi! can you show me how to mark fabrics as sold out on the site? and is there a way to update the site so the fabric shows as sold out right on the fabric selection portion of the page
1	Fuck fuck fuck
1	What kind of rooms (how many beds) will be arranged in the hotel? We will use this information to allocate students to individual rooms.
1	综合权重531.18
1	"0) From the accessory, play audio via the CarPlay audio source.
2	3) Connect the Apple device.
2	When they respond Than u inform me we have time -:)
1	59842527
1	RESTRICTIONS:
1	i hope so
1	3) Show the CarPlay UI and play iOS music
1	he might want to split into two orders, meaning one march and one april, maybe
1	dinosaurs
1	Uni, what is indi doing? Can u call her? She cant understand what I said.
5	Sincerely,
1	However, Please also observe the working hours for the office which start from 9.00 to 9.30.  Complain maybe received in case of other team cannot reach us in reasonable working hour.
1	We noticed that your screenshots do not sufficiently reflect your app in use.
1	Easter is a time of self reflection, forgiveness, humility and most importantly a time to readjust and have a new start. Happy Easter
1	a girl who is good at soccer
1	Actually set up warehouse we also devote a lot on it, such as manpower of service upgrade & the inland cost from New York port to the warehouse(we would take $750-$800 for one 20ft container), and you also don’t need to pay the storage cost.
1	Black,White (each 20pcs)
1	Dear Northside Christian Academy Families,
1	Thank you for your email.  We will arrange for Paramount Pictures Corporation (U.S.) to provide the requested confirmations about the investment agreement.  We will provide the document in both Chinese and English and will include Paramount's corporate seal.  We should be able to send it to you by tomorrow.
1	u r in wrong group sorry for incovenient
1	ESSENTIAL BALANCING WATER EX
1	I have added my guys in, they are Vlatimir and Azat(sales position),Airat(product manager).
1	is everything ok
1	I think the post is the K11 Chow Thai Fook Financial Center pre-opening event today.
1	Ringtone (main audio, “alert”) volume levels can either be separate or tied to the volume setting for phone calls (main audio, “telephony”). Alternate audio levels can either be separate or tied to Siri’s volume setting.
1	Can you please drop me an email of these tickets
1	Husam, if need samples we will pay the money for it, if no need samples and go to produce according to your order we don’t need to pay any money.
2	Hi
1	So that's why the customer will lost it
1	Okay.
1	we are not in the car riding business serving people, we are in the people business serving car rides.
1	A1.  1
1	I did not know but they are coming to join us for drinking now
1	one roll is equal to 3000 meters
1	u are foolish
1	seriously？
1	not found
1	•Start the same application
1	OMEC (Martin) will return with a confirmation for a Hoyer visit in week 22 tomorrow the 10th of April.
1	3. Quality Training is legal in the afternoon.
2	5, South City Garden 1 unit, inefficient dot optimization, withdrawal Field Work Preparation
1	1) We can’t mix international and Indian posters. International should be avoided.
1	2005 Fuzhou / China also ignition
1	Can you come and pick up the guests in room eight? I have guests at the front desk. I'm going back
1	Please pick up  the trash into the dustbin and keep our school clean and tidy as the elephant does.
1	Thanks in advance,
1	I am merely an investor
1	0) Navigate to iAP2 Control session while Low Fuel indicator is not illuminated in the vehicle’s instrument cluster
1	Also, here are some notes for certain documents with which there are significant problems and needs to be updated by the person responsible for them
1	Learning from you
1	d.      Business Meals: business meals with external guests or team building meals with internal guests can be claimed with receipts and need to provide the list of attendees. If a business meal/team building meal is claimed during business trip, the per diem limit is reduced 50% for the remaining day.
1	tell me
1	We ask our Friends to post our payday sales too on their IG Story
1	- skid, set outside the explosive risk zone, on which the internal combustion engine drives the hydraulic pumps, the stretch panel, the shaft for mounting and driving the capillary spool, the cable paver.
1	Think we need to upgrade the translation engine —>
1	over the discussion
1	Parcel wil arrive with below flight:
1	Hi James，
1	Recording and interpreting past events as a series of human activities.
1	Mmp
1	Verify that no pops, clicks or dropouts are present in audio.
1	I need to see what unit we bought and ro compare to what theyy bought and are using
1	I then tried again with the tablet by reactivating the WLAN, and it connected instantly.
1	Come on, single one.
1	Verify that the touch surface is sampled at the same rate as the refresh rate of the video stream on the integrated display.
1	All the procedures and fees will be covered in the document (more like an contract/agreement).
1	I hope you haven't forgotten.
1	We are planning to leave Toronto on Jan 14 , arrive in China on Jan 15 and start working on your furnace on Jan 16.
1	When pressing the Top Left of the Touchpad the X and Y of the hidReport message should equal Usage X (Logical Minimum) and Usage Y (Logical Minimum) in the HID descriptor.
1	Please make sure 110% this time they pass the test.
1	But pick drive paper won’t take long
1	sheizhidao
1	The return ticket date is changed to March 13th
1	It's okay, I figured it out. 12.30, got you.
1	what is it for?
1	Dear yunyan wan,
1	You must be sleep.
1	FREIGHT & CHARGES
1	I  think credit card users have to hold monies (credit) on their cards . E.g  if someone pays $7 for products and then $5 for another product in one sale on machine ,  neyax charges $12 for sale but holds customer money as credit for  upto  maximum retail price of product on the machine ( highest priced product on machine ).
1	4 enquêtes de Sherlock
1	Today Target -1
1	Told everyone to use for dust bin cover
1	Journey day 4 highlights
1	Food and beverage industry (Catering) is a food production and management industry through instant processing, commercial sales and service labor in one, to provide consumers with a variety of beverages, food, consumer sites and facilities.
1	mode
1	My R&D only make a remark, because we have any part to test with this new condition, due we will approve to follow with the tooling modification and than and the FDPR parts arrived in Campinas we will test with the costumer connector.
1	Your app includes content that many users would find objectionable and offensive. Specifically, 美女 was mentioned in the app name.
1	The name of the website is "MOOC"
1	"Why do you take naps?"
1	4.	Format for story, bugs, chore
1	CarPlay is shown on the screen. FM radio is playing.  Repeat over multiple user actions"
1	Hectare
1	4. since she started a new job, she felt a lot of pressure. (stress)
1	Verify that the following 3 app-specific states are communicated between the accessory and the Apple device: turn-by-turn navigation, speech, phone call.
1	How care
1	GOLD MUST BE POST-PLATED
1	Rogers: 4.78+/-10%"
1	48 * 33.5 * 29 cm		6900	1000pcs
1	appStates(NA) 
1	I like to catch your butt
1	Yulin
1	Could I delay our tomorrow meeting around 1hour?
1	Seavmey client put her goods at Dermkor station by herself
1	always the leverage of leverage
1	service. error writing message: File too large
1	workwork
1	You go to hell.
1	12.16-12.19，12.22-12.26，12.30-1.1
1	madam for diabel gueye. he says is part of the someta. want to pay 6. 370. other 345. he comes.
2	good morning
1	Today, Sophie and Ding is invited to talk to the surgeon who suppose to do our first surgery in China. We must tell him the confirmed date
1	hi man， do you have any english materials for the pavilion for internal reference？
1	3. Sorting processing tables, purchasing 10.
1	why our boss say day 2 winners is no correct
1	Hi Soso, I have talked with Xixi and she say that for Fire Deals there are 6 Hot brand pages a week ,we have 3 resident designer to do 3 pages every week and the other three pages have no fixed designers. All together is 6 designers. One page takes 2-3 days. The same time the GMV target is not that hight as for some promos. Resently we started to have problem with resourses, because Xixi is busy for Fire Deals and can’t support more important progects.
3	.io is mostly used in internet biz start up
1	That’s the og
1	Don't try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
1	Good newsOne gives 5 extras spaces on week 15
1	megan, i saw your profile earlier and you had preference to match just guys...so match just guys is right, no? can you recheck it
2	Company region is MY.
1	Take care
1	make love
1	We have made the booking and still waiting for the SO.
2	audioOutputFormats:
1	NOTE: This should be done within 8 hours of the adhesive application.
1	When are you coming?
1	The app is for Rachelle, others no need to learn how to use it
1	at io.reactivex.internal.operators.single.SingleSubscribeOn$SubscribeOnObserver.run(SingleSubscribeOn.java:89)
1	Fantastic
1	tks to check the assessories section，what is the reason？
1	well done
1	A thermostat installed downstream of the precooler exchanger senses the hot air temperature and sends to the valve a pressure signal corresponding to precooler cooling air demand. The FAV butterfly takes a position from fully closed to fully open to maintain the temperature value of air bleed within limits.
1	Hey icey , I'm on the schedule to do a demo in xjk tonight, but I am not in office today as I'm at tyg writing a new training package
1	a)	Fees
2	black metal with lighting with net shape and create between them adds
1	Work Hard to achieve it.
2	发件人 Apple
2	I real need a new computer to experdite my work. About ana hour now,all I am trying is to wait for the computer to start working
1	2) Connect another device that supports another phone technology (e.g. Android Auto) and begin a session.
1	pbs
1	Resource Management
1	Is there a iflytek input method? This function is very powerful.
1	compare
1	How can we get dirt so high? Open gate with feet?
1	As your requirements, the children socks details as bellow:
1	I have accepted your friend request. Let's chat now!
1	Yesterday we have released the Promoter Salary as per the New Standard, & also this is the Month in which we need to deduct the TDS (Tax Deduction Source) from financial year April-2017 to March-2018 as per the Govt. Rule for those person whose income more than 2.5L.
1	To avoid my wife I think I will take my kids to watch a movie
1	Please provide a schedule for estimated completion for DOEs 1-3. I will provide a plan for 4 and 5 later.
1	copy that
1	2 Ice House Street,
1	不能低于43美元/kg。
1	Product was on charge, suddenly started smoking and then 'exploded'.
2	we should use budget for the offsite stuff
2	1.
1	and here is last option for
1	rwzfjrfbjydb
1	LINER 1 (REMOVED FIRST
1	Maybe money
1	Terminal 2
1	I am home now
1	goodbye is too late to wave
1	If you still can cancel the hotel, it's great if you cancel for her. But it's a trouble, so can you decide if you cancel or no change?
1	massage
1	27.Who elected John as chairman ofthe comitte?
1	sorting
1	You can add products manually (as opposed to uploading them using a product feed) through the Merchant Dashboard Add Products Manual page.
1	9. AVOID LEADING ROPES AND WIRE AROUND SHARP BEND
1	Go from Safe House to south until the first cross, then just walk right from the crossing . It`s only ten minutes away . When you see the Shengyongxing take a left turn from there . After walking for about 5 minutes , turn right , go towards this street , then you got the White House.
1	Openly
1	19746657
1	[Ou fire] [ou fire] [ou fire] Today's rice set any a bag to send 5 jin potato
1	please give 1 yards pp sample today .
1	Dear Mr. Wang
1	I miss you.
1	now we are producing shower white, now we have 4000 pcs of white. we want to change to the black. is it OK?
1	You can buy me dinner
1	Test, meeting at 12, receives please do reply.
1	no no... i m not... i am just simple person like you all.
2	Rgds
1	4)Start voice recognition with the native accessory UI and say a command
1	Formula
1	the files you sent are in simplified chinese. i need them in traditional chinese
1	15:30 (space) - (space) 17:00
1	But as i told you the last time, everyone gets to their limit eventually
1	  We noticed that your app or its metadata enables the purchase of content, services, or functionality in the app by means other than the in-app purchase API, which is not appropriate for the App Store.  Specifically, your app enables points, or intermediate currencies, without using the in-app purchase API. Additionally, please note that the cost of the points or the intermediate currency cannot be included in the purchase price of the app.  The next submission of this app may require a longer review time, and this app will not be eligible for an expedited review until this issue is resolved.  Next Steps  - Review the In-App Purchase section of the App Store Review Guidelines. - Ensure your app is compliant with all sections of the App Store Review Guidelines and the Terms & Conditions of the Apple Developer Program.  - Once your app is fully compliant, resubmit your app for review.  If you believe your app is compliant with the App Store Review Guidelines, you may submit an appeal. Alternatively, you may provide additional details about your app by replying directly to this message.  In-App Purchase  It may be appropriate to revise your app to use the in-app purchase API to provide content purchasing functionality.  In-app purchase provides several benefits, including:  - The flexibility to support a variety of business models. - Impacting your app ranking by consolidating your sales to one app rather than distributing them across multiple apps. - An effective marketing vehicle to drive additional sales of new content.  For information on in-app purchase, please refer to the following documentation:  In-App Purchase for Developers  In-App Purchase Programming Guide  For step-by-step instructions on in-app purchase creation within iTunes Connect, refer to In-App Purchase for Developers.
1	4000589288
1	I know all of us are VERY VERY hardworking and I LOVE ALL of you.
5	 Verify —
1	absolutely
1	King Maotai: 2 copies.
1	On my way！
1	send to me with this .print out and sign then scan to me
1	So what we have to do is just decide how much advance we should charge from him to produce new package.
1	And not release it to the customer
1	Mostly what pisses me off is that I can get all updates from WeChat, Slack and other apps either from Apple App Store or Microsoft Store for Windows to make sure it's native and nice, but on DingTalk I have to download a dmg or exe file like old software... It doesn't feel secure and I think in the west at least normally it's not common anymore to do that
1	客户回复：The copper we imported from UAE was very high quality grade which companies in Sri Lanka like Kelani Cables and Sierra cables are using. There were few breakages occurred on Medium Drawing machine, the complaint already lodged.
1	11：15/1
1	step1: Each department supervisor select  1 ~ 2 staffs as  excellent candidates (this candidate should be not supervisor position)
1	While you may don't see the significant of the 1.3% shares in Jugrel Global Holding... I see this as your ticket to really success, as said, I believe this can worth RMB 200~500 billion in 10 years.  Anyway, to satisfy your short term goal, here is the deal inside Jugrel CS:
1	* Conduct quality system and quality engineering training at supplier manufacturing facilities as required to achieve compliance and improvement
1	||6||1||100
1	Thank you for choosing Weintek products.
1	06 months
1	la ji
1	I am very sorry but I don’t understand how I can help you on this
1	Perhaps~
1	Flight Arrival Time: 21:35
1	They end up always bad
1	In the accessory’s Info Response message, verify that the deviceID key is unique.
1	drive select
1	Filling Option#1:100% cotton fiber
1	SEC will decide and will inform later on
2	I love three things in this world
1	ESR must be increased with an external resistor. The maximum value of this increased ESR is called the
3	Next Steps
1	Was a good meeting with GSK. Thank you to everyone!
1	Get 40% cashback on Air purifiers & Room heaters
1	Oh I want something just like this ​​​
1	The TRON testnet is live, marking the completion of the infrastructure for the TRON ecosystem. To celebrate, we announced the good news on the Nasdaq screen in Times Square! The future is here and TRON keeps going!
1	They’re too expensive. The school is too poor.
1	struggle
1	5-day pass-the-web conference student
1	That should be fine, So 161110 stay with Aaron and 160908 to Christopher
1	Email from EKTA :
3	Visually verify—
1	factor (SF) margin. It is good practice to do the negative resistance test, to avoid oscillator problems in
1	take the test
1	Branch office work.
1	山 24-002432-0X-XX (OX AND XX-REFER TO LATEST DWG VERSION AND REV
1	天津小奋青 has been successfully created, any communications within organization can be raised directly without adding friends first.
1	To avoid danger of suffocation, keep this plastic bag away from babies and children. Do not use this bag in cribs, beds, carriages or playpens. The plastic bag could block nose and mouth and prevent breathing. This bag is not a toy.
1	You can see in picture that is not good at all
1	IT Rehearsal Meeting China time 1pm to 2pm [China team 1-1.30pm, BG,PH team 1.30-2pm]
1	- repair wall patches
1	3) Disconnect
1	caused by the fluctuation in grounding
1	Fast straightening speed without frizzy with better smooth effect
1	You can ask the mm if they can change my connection flights?
1	1. Deleted QRCs:
1	To ban the elevator under this floor.
1	For the husband
1	The last user mode for audio is CarPlay, if CarPlay was playing media when the Apple device was disconnected.  When the last user mode for audio is CarPlay, playback is determined by the Apple device (media or silence).  In this example, the last user mode for screen is CarPlay.
1	Business is business
1	remarks: -------------------------------
1	momo
1	，，
1	2018.1.10 zhong tai T300 plan produces 300. Today's arrival
1	早，you are my favorite girl
1	MaxManeuverDescriptionLength
1	maybe better for Linda to translate because I feel really really shy to Flora because I used technical words and maybe Flora is not yet familiar but Flora is really very supportive
1	Hi Team, Can i get the details of visitors for fintech delegation, i can start getting meetings done.
1	Blasting inspection 2~4 Acc
1	Are you talking to me?
1	hogan
1	Sure we will update this report with your comments
1	someone helped me
2	Please make sure all info. pass to QC is all update and approved from customer
1	If you don't have it in your mailbox, please tell me.
1	Got interrupted halfway -____-
1	I am thinking to add in cell sketch, so that mapper do not need to input detail address by themselves
1	did you ask lower the  11% ?
2	And never tip his golden cup empty toward the moon!
1	I think women are foolish to pretend they are equal to men, they are far superior and always have been. Whatever you give a woman, she will make greater. If you give her sperm, she'll give you a baby. If you give her a house, she'll give you a home. if you give her groceries, she'll give you a meal. If you give her a smile, she'll give you her heart. She multiplies and enlarges what is given to her. So, if you give her any crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit.
1	May/25 =  12 pcs
1	I have provided you with quite a few photos that you did not use for example: Heli Men jacket 14574, please refer to the attached file- KMD winter 17- nz product 4550 and Epiq Women’s jacket with file KMD-winter rt-4430….
1	georgette fabric
1	Thanks for sharing! Pleased to know they are happy with our service.此处应该有掌声！
1	Thank you. I will try my best to improve myself.
1	0) Set limitedUI to OFF on test bench
1	so we should let them feel things are doing well
1	PT. Global Expo Management (GEM Indonesia)
1	Hey everyone, don't forget to vote for the newsletter in the int teachers group! Thanks!
1	08:34
2	1) In ATS, view the request
1	this one？
1	thinking how to do well next time
2	Is there a way to push my registration again with the Chinese documents but maintain my US phon enumber? We may need to be an exception to the rule."
1	I like U but just like U
1	2) All bank in slip must edit your name and staff id, remarks this slip is for buy F5 RM650/borrow F7 RM800 or RM200
1	I will prepare 30 percent of the boxes for each type this week, and then complete them in the order of 1-5 boxes.
1	Whereas the rest of my advice has no basis or reliable, Than my own meandering experience
1	Yours sincerely, 
1	yes or no。
1	count
1	We got customer complains about the LT2007WWHD faucet/plumbing kit.
1	Good morning all, i would like to explain about the workflow of content bank. Content Bank divide by 2, there are Content Bank Local and International.
1	Reminder!
1	Postpone*
2	We are international company now
1	Never lie to someone who trusts you, never trust someone who lies to you.
1	All money and HQ things must be approved by me.
1	2 Doz different model delivered. Customer ordered double face, military jacket is sent.
1	I received the PROFORMA INVOICE.
1	Tomorrow is saturday!
1	Dear all SingMeng  team I would like confirm that payroll is done with your account ABA and BOC (with tax rate 3998) if you have any concerns or pay slip please Direct to me . Thank you
1	Seller name: EARTH TREE
1	Make a wish
1	Also, please submit the missing documents to conclude stage 4:
2	Landscape Hua Ting 1-203
1	already replied u, thx
1	The harvest: the so-called mature, is no longer want to take advantage of the process.
1	Ok, thanks, also we need correct timing
1	Schedule update as below :
1	Received thank you!
1	I can tell you that if you want to continue to follow customers from outside you will be paid higher commissions to cover your costs, but I can not pay you a monthly fee. What you want you can choose.
1	crossboader
1	Verify that the accessory sends the following HID command:
1	Key Job Responsibilities (included but not limited to)
1	26,000 for salary today?
2	If the user is not looking at the main menu, and this is a first time connection, verify that the user is notified that CarPlay is connected and the user can switch to CarPlay by tapping the notification. 
1	Nice why tomorrow and not now?:)
1	Step 3:Measure the distance between L1 and zone line
1	What’s the plan for this?
1	So after the first few day of trying new proposal for FS, Retail has a lot of issue concerning the price
1	Hi Caroline, please find herewith attached quotation on SEBAMED body care products, including the initial order quantities confirmed by the buyer.
1	Pierre wants this in 4 weeks:
1	it is really
2	At entrance of tree house restaurant light not working, thank you to see if can fix please
1	- settlement quantity will be based on ship's first arrival figure net of loadport BS&W, free water and liquid ROB ( as agreed)
1	For our 1500 departure time tomorrow back to Shenzhen, please have the handler to pick us up from the hotel at 1200 please.
1	2775452098
1	The Confidential Information will be subject to the protection of this clause, unless:
1	IMEI numbers activied or not？
1	Plz be prepared.
1	I think now we are more ready to improve as we have got more information about Boke needs and limitations.
13	Why are you going in and out so frequently? We are not even in production
1	I really love that backyard
1	Hi Tim, just talked to An, she said you told her about some other expense expenses that I kept I suppose that’s about that 4w, how shall we categorize it ? Does An knew those purpose ?
1	I once gave a lecture on happiness.
1	I wanna fuck you all
1	(e)	Operating temperature 40-500 C, operating humidity 20-90%
1	So the equation 2 tells  us, only a little more than you, it's going to be far from you.
1	Result:
1	8. Catch-up port: 5 points
1	As I told you before, from LYS to SVO, there are narrow body aircrafts and we can not ship many pallets on board, we will need 4-5 flights.
1	ESSENTIAL FIRMING CREAM EX
1	0000019886
1	0039 348 8210240
1	Use:Embroidery
1	You have to do the login process , because this data base serve many clients, and every client see different systems on its logging in.
1	Emp-1334
1	The website of my shop is,
1	This already cover 57% of the sales from new user
1	Project, today, today
1	Use the plastering machine first, then putt machine, then spray machine
2	tommorow no fish orders
1	What Do You Really Want From Us?'
1	Management Team
1	because
1	UPCBuyers often search using product identifiers, so we require product identifiers to make sure your listings have maximum visibility in buyer search results.
1	123
1	wil kick start and refresh the training .
1	class-b
1	I got a mail from you.. can you tell me what's about in Engglish, please? :D
1	Holy shit
1	The standard is 25 yuan in xi 'an.
1	How many different kind sample we have?
1	Attn : Mr. Kenichiro Oguchi 
1	Powerful and crazy [赞]
2	7) Wait 1 minute  
1	wrinkled
1	Good.  You can get married with your boy friend.  Happy together
1	Verify that the latest version of ATS is used to test the accessory.
1	I think because my email
1	sweatshirts
1	[alpha] 20, D: Between +23 and +25o
1	Chapter P4 – Carrying out product and process development
1	a little bit tied
1	I don't understand
2	Verify that limitedUI is set to YES
1	thanks a lot
1	Ask for a reason to relax. First, come here, Guiyang, and I just have a little job here, too, you can also go to Yunnan to play in time.
1	Dear Study team,
1	- Layout Inspection?
1	I will buy it within this week through my chinese supporter.
1	Looking forward to meet u soon in Shanghai
1	Non member to buy red wine: 0
1	The resolution is good only the installation
1	Morning Mr Zheng kindly bring us 10 hats for our staff when coming to the shop.
1	- Enter demo credentials in the "User name" and "Password" fields
1	if you are too busy,ask Ansar or Ammar help you
1	Verify that a CarPlay session starts each time.
1	Since the correlation data points are much fewer than IQC data points
1	Electrical
1	Field collection QM
1	Shaker tank / trip tank and settling tank skid independently on a track so allways with the rig.
2	The CarPlay UI is shown on the Main Screen. Your accessory enters a display off mode.. Music continues to play. Phone calls and Siri interaction can wake up the system and be shown to the user. Main Screen returns to CarPlay after the user exits the display off mode. (Perform test if applicable)
1	HR170498007   KN9
1	There is some English calls ,I  will share the account Number here tomorrow.
1	Total V9 pre-order quantity：0
1	Company region is AU.
1	travle house
1	it sounds like we are leaving a store without paying
1	I understand there are sensitivities regarding parties there related to theme parks, production facilities and similar projects.  The meeting with FEIG and Chen is specific only to VOD.  We made that quite clear.  We also made clear that anything related to real estate, theme parks and production facilities can only be discussed with and through Huahua.
1	ALREADY INPUT THE COMPANY IN ERP SYSTEM
1	great work thanks!
1	catt602/aaa111
1	how about the details we buy fish fr.  FLC  A CHOU
1	I can not accept your expanation because this is 2nd purchasing. The 1st order is ok. So I ordered again.
1	Christa Yi
1	MI A1 - 00
1	low
1	No, I have to make up my makeup.
1	Did you manage to discuss Rayburn's progress?
1	So  tasty ！
1	Verify that each changeModes command for Borrow contains a transferPriority.
1	8.其他  如何更好的做好自己  没一步严格要求自己 做好来人率1. Name: A hundred lei recommended people a hundred Xuan
1	The style of the character needs some changes.
1	It’s okay,perfect.Thank you for your help
1	Reminder 今天9:50pm all hands
1	Nobody...
1	li dan have change the meeting time
1	"0) Disconnect Apple device from CarPlay accessory
1	Name: ________________________________ Phone: ___________________
2	}
1	funny
1	Regional Marketing Manager？
3	13) Turn off the car 
1	The first time I can ignore, second time action will be taken.
1	That is a great idea, they live close to this conference
1	SUPPLIER NAME
1	alrighty, I'll get help translating what the buttons mean but I'll be able to handle it😅
1	Verify that no further changeModes or requestUI commands are sent immediately after the info message to update the state (unless triggered by the user)."
1	4) Disconnect Apple device
1	And SVB 500  is USD154 on amazon,the price we can offer is 75 USD
1	Hello! The flight BK2907. It looks like we have some discrepancies with the requirements of using GROUND POWER and the aircraft preparation by maintenance stuff. This morning I came to the airplane B-5573. The ground power was connected to the airplane but the APU was also running. The electric power was available from the ground but the airplane was supplied by APU generator. Moreover all the fuel pumps were in OFF position while the APU was running. Please put the attention for the information. Thank you and have a nice day [太阳]
1	Boss , i already called to check with buyer and she said had this phone called her serveral times to delivery goods but no delivery  092 94 77 39, 077 334 793
1	Good morning, A16 trial. Is the mould ready to produce part or fxing to the machine?
1	Removing the human from around the car it will greatly reduce the risk for human but will greatly increase the risk of of having a car accident. Except if we are in a desert, having a remote e-stop won't prevent an accident. Accident can occur in matter of second and preventing it from outside with a e-stop is almost impossible. We have to be sure it's a safety remote e-stop ( <400 m ). And your braking system via CAN is not safe. If that part of the system goes rogue, your done... You have to have a fail safe braking system with redundancy. Just cutting all the system with the e-stop will leave a 1 tons vehicules rolling at high speed. Just designing a safe vehicle will take more than a month.
1	Is it really that important that you always deny me with the same words?
1	Hope all people working in the deaprtment can pay more attention to the cooperaton , handover during the shift and work together. Thanks Diana
1	Almost.  Heading to China late next week.  BaiWei and I are set to meet to discuss your transfer to our team.
2	8) Turn on the car 
2	1.The recent decline in sales is more serious, in which the A37 decline is close to 50%. What is the reason? All locations report to their superiors today.
1	Supplier Quality Management (SQM) is the catalyst that all complex manufacturers look to in controlling production costs, reducing variances, and enabling compliance to quality standards.
2	Load Name
1	Unix/Linux internals
1	I just got a call from the office and they said that they were going to be there at five and they said they would have it for me xto the way that they would be there able but they were not able
1	I propose that you had better do not tell your client about your price strategy.
1	Here are the schedules for next week. We will continue the Birds topic
1	Exhibition Center :The Pazhou Exhibition Center                                                                                           Booth Number :  13.1 G33-34(Hall 13, 1st floor  G33-34)                                                                                                                    Date : 1st to 5th May,2018
1	please read it seriously，and if you have some doubt，you can say something in this group
2	Verify that while one entity is performing speech recognition, all audio is silenced.
1	riancy will be in charge of this and will talk to lilly directly about what we need her to bring etc. Thanks
1	The 2 days in April
2	Nice
1	6189564
1	This is JustinBauer from US.
1	Where is the MIL report?
1	I will also need additional information from your team regarding the production timeline and also the newer products that we will make in 2018. My forecast will take into account new product releases
1	With best regards,
2	95 flat 1.75 million 1.75 million 1.75 million
1	because we always have to work extra hour, and western ppl always get off work at 4 pm
1	We are a Web Design and Mobile Apps Development Company of repute based out of India delivering solutions globally. We deal into following services as below:
1	As previously stated I want to know to reinstall at app store app as I could not download any apps and now the app has just stopped working.
1	Reacquisition : 0.1 sec. average
1	Height
1	And the young scholar, Danqiu,
1	Mission completed.  Roger.
1	Preflight complete. No issues. We are going to try to depart a little early.
1	XZ + JD - No change.
1	okay maam noted
1	Where there is a will , there is a way.
1	Join by phone
1	compass group
1	Verify that the Apple CarPlay button is disabled or hidden when an Apple device is not connected.
1	5 # silo of feeding: 4
1	PDAC.
1	bravo
1	Good good study.
1	Do you have breakfast
1	Requesting backup for backup.
2	Wei Wei, next time when you finish the model say to me, I didn't know you finished
1	sad
1	I suspected we should use the below which was provided by
1	If its a lot of pressure on you to make me happy, then i'd rather not. Why make me happy at the expense of yours?
1	My address details:
1	Blood pressure; hypertension, hypotension
1	What would you like for lunch? Boxed rice or noodles?
1	Perl
1	Polyus Gold International Limited (“PGIL”) announces that it has terminated its agreement to sell 12,561,868 of the ordinary shares in PJSC Polyus (MOEX – PLZL) (“Polyus”, or the “Company”), the largest gold producer in Russia, to a consortium (the “Consortium) led by Fosun International Limited (HKSE:00656) (the “Agreement”).
1	wodongle
1	A83 order quantity today:
1	He handed me a laminated card and said: 'I'm Abdul, your driver. While I'm loading your bags in the trunk I'd like you to read my mission statement.'
1	Below is the contact:
1	The English version of the domain administrator page is still planning, and the following will be released on the line.
1	5. Tomorrow's plan, write quality homework, watch Northbay Beibu Gulf Assembly go out
1	l hate hot day
1	Availability (how long will it take to get lights once an order is placed)
1	issuing Authority
1	Zi He:  Why are there two dates on the top of the Code and why are they different?  Also, the formatting of the Code is not user friendly, need spacing between paragraphs, etc.  English version is better, but it has lost some of its numbering.  You should check all Integrity Department regulations on the intranet to make sure they are formatted correctly.
2	get   out
1	Our first colleague in United States
1	The details of the fabric are these.
1	Perhaps we need to give kB the Chinese logo of br?
1	The same to you !
1	he is going to write an official email tommorow and send to us, in the mean time because we dont have engineer instruction book, he'll talk to architect to ask eng valel to write instruction to us in the architect instruction book on site
1	Adv. for Data Production will be sent to Ronald for his 1st review, thanks
1	sold-to party
1	"Connecting to an Apple device for the first time, and immediately showing CarPlay
1	still measuring it right now
1	2.Optimize the Gen 2 machine settings to match Gen 1 bend result.(Keep going)
1	Remarks for internal reimbursement (via reimbursement system):
1	Swas under billing entries ?
1	form the picture ,wo can see some stuff we need to bring no to the airplane .first, the most important thing is my passport,it is necessary stuff to go abroad. without it ,I can not go anywhere. secondly, I will also bring my credit cards because I Will use it when shopping. thirdly, will bring mp3, because I like listen music .lastly,I will bring my mobile phone, I can use it ,keep contact with my friends and my family.
1	Daily Report :
2	View notification header Mar 8, 2018 (16 hours ago)
1	Note that during the CarPlay session, the only AccessoryHIDReport messages seen in the iAP2 Control Session are from iAP2HIDComponent Media Playback Remote.
1	In the same way, hope that in the next day, we stand together through storm and stress, share happiness and sorrow. To ever dream, for every family as soon as possible on the second platform !!! The naked years classified eventually go, in the next every day, looking at all of the family members common struggle, the absolute sincerity cooperation, unite all out, play to their potential, the spirit of the wolf and the wild to fight, create the brilliant achievements for Xu Tingting
1	can you do the part of the ground?
1	For now, I already restored all the suspended one
1	It's important to understand that rote memorization is useless.
1	Please note that today from 14:30 to 15:30, we will maintenance elevator of building #1 and #2. Thank you and sorry for the inconvenience.
1	width="610" height="210"
3	Respect of each family, good morning, I'm Lou Yukun salesman business shi feng, very honored to each family to summer yuanfa (XR Wang Dingkun (high school) D5 Day (3.10) at work, the process is as follows:
1	Cut 6 is good! Only one thing
1	1. Unable to recieve stock due to Break Down of Logistics in outer CIty due to which unable to bill the stock.
1	April 5, 2018
1	Because some communities members still think there are some mistakes
1	deadline
2	Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed
1	Nature, Art & Habitat Residency, An ECO-Laboratory of Multidisciplinary Practice, located in Taleggio Valley, Bergamo, Italy, is a summer program that aims to unfold and display a sensitive type of culture that relates to nature as a source of inspiration and a measure of available resources. The ultimate goal of NAHR is to unveil intimate links among all living organisms for more resilient development in which humans and nature are shown to coexist.
1	They asked about it, but I told them we couldn't provide it to them without first discussing about the repirations we wanted
1	# Why do we have tickets for pick-up? With TMS we should have zero and use TMS for tracking
1	Tonic jeans: 0 copies.
1	you can put in design group i will aprove, thank you :)
1	Verify that the accessory supplies a VehicleInformationComponent parameter containing a user-visible value for DisplayName.
1	}if(selectedRows.length>1){
1	11.	Customer integration team will own all integration development (and associated testing) into and/or out of Customer business systems from the point of the SFTP site that will be used to transfer files between Coupa and Customer.
1	Dear Martin, please note that the stairs paiting will finish tonight. Still need to cover tonight. The covers downstairs were TOO dirty and I have to throw them away
1	and somtimes the infos did not come up
1	3) Listening to Music CarPlay (note volume level)
3	Because its too long and then in the hospital?
1	Keysight Technologies NFA Series noise figure analyzers
2	confidence
1	Verity the following:
2	where are you
1	That day, pine forest and I said Sister Nan said that when the Group was built, I would give Brother Yang if he could find a room alone. ..
1	Are you going to walk around after lunch?
3	A this will be the approved group for remote working managers
1	V7.  - 0
1	Then homesickness took the shape of a grave, Mum inside of it and me outside.
1	Proliferation and ultrasound
4	now
1	Merchant Mobile Number: 9890629979
1	Kind Regards,
1	Just done meeting.
1	ok,  it has the all-case, i did not see
2	666
1	for the logistics carrier we communication negotiation, we the packaging of the products, and the anti-stress better packaging. (Until delivered to the hands of the product is good, intact)
1	10 - wrote the book on the subject area (there actually has to be a book). Recognized industry expert in the field, might have invented it.
1	Tammy, global vision simon will come at 1700 to measure Daytona table size. Please lead him as original assigned location . And ski view will come to collect two cables . They should at my left bottom of desk ?
1	for OA group, we are told that currently the total minimum txn volume (for all payment methods) is about 450million THB, (based on 1500persons*30days*10,000THB/capita merchant's estimation).
1	full test
1	you is p
1	20180401	216401	113785	10149767	6.6900	0.0000	0
1	It makes sense to me.
2	wangp123456
1	PHANTOM
1	* Identify and routinely uses the most effective, cost efficient and best practices to execute processes and continually evaluates their effectiveness and appropriateness
1	Please change your Dingtalk ID name by your Area name.
1	Does the pain improve with medication/rest?
1	Before my bed a pool of light.
1	hello good evening guys. let us talk about this theme for the happy moments tomorrow after lunch. this is for next week’s
1	Additionally Indonesia has reduced shipping subsidies
1	Wkwkwkwk
1	Hi Sophie, are you in New Orleans yet?
1	I kid. I kid.
1	If someone want to ask leave after the roster posted, please ask your colleague to swap shift with you by yourself and get supervisor permit.  I will try my best to arrange your off request before I post the roster. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
1	- DistanceBetweenManeuverDisplayString is shown to user without modification accompanied by DistanceBetweenManeuverDisplayUnits. DistanceBetweenManeuver is not be shown in text form to the user.
1	Engr. Md. Mamin Uddin
1	not me
1	Because the power of Robot R2000iC is much larger, power supply should be separately connected to the robot control cabinet.
1	You say ，I agree，I agree,I agree
1	Financial department take our consideration very important we have asked our request solve in time unless otherwise puting us on unnessesary pressure...!
1	what are you doing?
1	There is no power for this letter
1	You need to use the new software with the attached OEMScript and I/O script to restore to non-IOT feature.
1	it is not true that lift booking time  can't be changed , Dont worry about it, leave it,  lets cancel the order, we can't afford to arrrange special trip for him in Tue ;  thansk anyway
2	This one, otherwise I don't have time to help the new trainees or prep for my lessons.
1	don't late
1	Outer Diameter (max) (0 defect among 5 samples per lot)
1	OK, thank you!! :-) 」
2	19) Disengage the backup camera.
1	odk
1	b)	Its legal representative has sufficient powers to execute this agreement, as stated in public deed Number [*] dated [*] of [*] of [*], granted before Mr. [*] notary public number [*] of [*], and that such authority has not been limited or revoked in any way.
1	You can choose seat online.
1	Do you need anything else from me before I leave?
1	Chris is the the most photogenic person
1	-          We will need to remove to extension (adaptor) for rotation painting and place the painting gun directly on the robot. ¿Can you check if would it be any problem? (line 2)
1	Company timezone is GMT+09:00.
1	All kinds of things in King Bee's booth will be showing our English logo. So these two will also keep consistent. I don't think we need to update the logos for the exhibition but for our brand conference it can be done. I talked to Fiona the other day and she knows it. FYI. Thanks.
1	The resin and paint is very scary situation with the lead time.  Can you please add a column to show which suppliers are confirming stock, and placed some kind of PO?
1	Praise the Lord. Have safe trip. We love you all and pray for you. Hope to see you again after your trip
1	Target: Reactivate - 2
1	To create new in-app purchases:
1	•	Concern 3
1	SO let me understand thisyou did not get a quote from the freight forwarder even though you said you had to wait until tuesday so they could abroad get info from USA?o
1	(i know my class today took a long time,
1	The visa run is arranged according to individual’s visa situation. Your visa allows you to stay for 60 days so your visa run will be once every 60 days. The marginal change is about 10 days maximum.
1	St
1	ok I am preparing then send to them this afternoon.
1	Everyone, please report to the data cable and power supply of the 2017 integrated access room to the integrated access room, only a percentage can be used in this group
2	If possible
1	2.d. Allen: once the parts arrive in the pick-up area on the second deck, put stickers on them showing the temperature and chain speed as shown in green above. Mark the top cross tube of the frame with a “T” and set the parts aside for evaluation next day.
1	Today, the business will be hosted by the director of Shi Xiaohong and the Ministry of Commerce: 1, with the National Security Department, management of the eight-five factory rights groups; 1, instructs the state of the south of the state of the police in the police, if the affection for the publication of false facts, firmly hit.
1	Bd_48375_b430498 - 13 batches left our side
1	A noisy headache in a meeting
1	Factory Direct
1	I understand, parents don't like change. teachers don't like change. But new teachers need class
1	Suppliers can identify specialty services below (like custom mixes, certified seed preferences, seed analysis, native species and Peace grown seed).
1	Find a local number
1	I have received the light and check it.
1	Little
1	￼   
1	I'm fixing the ground, because the ground have many problems
1	layout
9	"
1	I would like to know how you relocate the resourses?
1	waiting for your good news
1	We will log the case and do necessary assistance..
1	If the vehicle has a native voice recognition button/Siri button, verify that the button returns to its default behavior after the Siri session is completed."
1	Happy  birthday  to  you
1	Could you explain it based on your personal experience.
1	This teacher is very rubbish.
1	Practice makes perfect. I would like to watch the Rehersal of the following lessons on the folllowing days.
1	Wooo work hard pays off!!!
1	I went to sleep.
1	Need to elaborate more on the synergy and interactiveness to be created by Livecast! from  the angel of user experience and also highlight the development work of each party for the intergration.
1	- the prices includes receiving card?
1	* Prepare and report global supplier quality performance during Management Reviews, as well as establishing baseline for supplier monitoring and performances
1	this is Grace from L&F europe.
2	And we'll drown away the woes of ten thousand generations
1	Carefully spray the mixture to the panel surface with a paint spray gun with
1	Waiting for your reply!
1	Want us to demolish all foundation walls for the fact that lines of laid foundation blocks are not horizontally straight
1	- deadline will be provided when they check the LM
1	•	Last year's annual sales USD 4,000,000.
1	who take photo for them, i wandering...
1	Do not ise any cm
1	Please return the books in order！
1	🔥F5🔥 Today Sales    :
1	6840/
1	Take the sourest lemon that life has to offer and turn it into something resembling lemonade
1	wbl713
1	Once we know the HTC, we  can see how many samples are needed and what lab will be able to perform the tests.   You do not need to send the entire item, just the motor is fine.  Time frame is about 35-40 business days  approx. once we receive the POA from Costco Mexico.
1	Delay 40200- TickCount()
1	manual operations
1	DCC :
1	CW Measurement with spec an
1	Live from St. Moritz with Bobby on stage!
1	There is basically no conflict between us and your thoughts on these two points.
1	What do you think, Tan Sri Joseph?
1	I took it with a camera.
1	Alice finds a small bottle on the table
1	I say the lovesickness to your not to be exposed,but it is surprised to find that missing you have already to the marrow.
1	5-reserve for public road, drainage, sub-station, that may be required for land sub division for surrender to local government.
1	HFMeasure +1
1	J7 Prime-00
1	All files are there
1	like name and occupation  for each member ?
1	WITH A VICKERS MICRO-INDENTER AND A 500gf LOAD.
1	wait a minute
1	much of your products are your stock. We only buy stock fabric.
1	Condition
1	holy fucking shit
1	It need to be after I finished office lobby
3	15) Turn on the car 
1	can you help her with it?
1	Earlier I was informed landing on Sunday afternoon
1	Touch wood
1	Improve simulation program:
1	If the parcel exceeds the weight or size of the prescribed weight, the freight will be calculated at large, and the door will be required, please contact your local dot or courier for specific expenses. Thank you for your feedback.
1	do you have any plan for malaysia?
1	All right, please send me your detailed address, and give me a copy of the telephone number.
1	3•8节，show your hands, show your heart
1	Possible??
1	What's going on there boss, all good
1	ok here is Tesla's proposed solution. Mike comment as appropriate. Ben kindly follow up with specifics. 
1	I maintain the stock on good shops,
1	Green Bean Cake sales: 2 boxes, deal ratio: 2.32%
1	For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of your app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce the issue. For updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce the issue.
1	Regards
1	"CarPlay is on a phone call. Your accessory receives an incoming phone call on a second phone connected using Bluetooth.
1	six six six
1	This is what I got from you
1	11:04
1	It is so curiosity!
1	Also, it take month/year to have safe and autonomous car. Doing race and overtake is even more difficult.  And just in a few days ... almost impossible, failure of team will happen and out of control car also.
1	hello team, could you confirm how many songs did you deliver on March 5 and March 6 pls ?
40	--------
1	Issue Covered: KYC 1, Lost access to 2FA (SMS&GA), Verify high volume deposit
2	Bleaching then,  now we have
1	This file should contain an 8 digit Hexstring in LINE 1
1	tell me action
1	I'd also be happy to meet with any one interested in one-on-one meetings
1	OK. will tell him next week
1	I think coz instagram doesn't have another detailed page, so put them right below the image
2	Main Screen: (unborrow) Main Audio: (unborrow)
2	5) In ATS Utility, select Server Test
1	YJ, can discuss with agent change to 24 months rental fix, after 24 months we can discuss if increase?
1	Manage
1	mm742400
1	Sleep cycles are 90 minutes a piece and there are 5 stages.
1	Optimize automation assembly plan, add automatic repair program, adjust CPK data >1.33
1	Frog drunk by cherry tomato which swim in spanish red wine
1	will you ship raw material for this?
1	god stay with us.
1	Objective 1) to update in findings of the 4 FB refuse to work in SHPJ. 2) current crew demoralized. 3) what can the hotel do to help?
1	business development
1	Too bad
1	Verify with ATS–
2	5) Receive a phone call and verify that the ringtone is heard.
1	As there was RLNG-III project in Pakistan which has been canceles
1	Is that OK?
1	Sorry I need to know to plan the workload split for this team.
1	Verify that the accessory displays and plays the notification.
1	Original mail has forward to Steven and Jocelyn. Kindly work out the logistic
1	"The CarPlay UI is shown on the Main Screen. The accessory displays the native voice recognition. The Main Screen returns to CarPlay after the voice recognition ends.
1	If everybody cleans up their own mess, there will be no need to have to remind people all the time or have to big clean ups every few months.
1	All Outer&Inner Spline Boxplot and detail variance data as below attachment.
1	I'm looking for products with the following specifications:
1	WARNING: DO NOT GET SOLVENTS IN YOUR MOUTH OR EYES, OR ON YOUR
1	Gender
1	20) Wait 1 minute
1	not use yet
1	angry.
1	2.King Louis XIV wanted a grand palace where he could conduct his nation's business.
2	Verify with ATS that setNightMode command was sent by accessory “NO”
1	SY125	SY0121BJ02818
1	If i had someone helping me I could carry it. I just need someone to balance the wait.
1	3月7日17:00销售：
1	Tiger I need your Teams full support on the Targa project schedule.  I received a note today from  Snow letting me know it is significantly delayed.  Parting sheet material issues mostly driving the delay.  I am very concerned.
1	Option 2: Provide docs, register by Alibaba
1	Dear sir I already informed my delar
1	Western meal please
1	卖：-
1	Now you have forgotten.
1	0) CarPlay icon in the main menu or dedicated hard key of the accessory
1	ok cool I'll ask HQ to do a session on how to navigate through BI.
1	I think so
2	1) Navigate to the vehicle’s native UI
1	Morning,
1	We can go ahead with the RTBH testing tomorrow 00:00 hrs (12:00 AM) IST.
1	As planned, there will be two dry runs before the clarification meeting. Richard will organize the dryrun meeting.
1	Please use the PA to call them if  you want to find them
3	address other notifications
1	110100574
2	 1) In ATS, view the requestSiri command in the CarPlay Session view (prewarm, buttonDown, buttonUp).
1	amazing
1	prefect
1	Regards.
1	-Accessory Identification with VehicleInformationComponent and USBHostTransportComponent
1	unreasonably
1	24 *
1	Repost:
1	Met with Mr Nadeem and talk given the goods to him
1	The solution for fixing misdrilled holes will be to ship the panels to the USA and have the holes fixed on site. Ben Mitchell believes a bondo like resin with an air brush paint application will yield a good result. He will suggest 2 or 3 good painters from Linetek to do the touch up. There will be easy access from the floor so this can be done efficiently. 
1	Your cooperation is highly appreciated.
1	This account can be used to access the following Dianrong systems:
1	- bug fix: (Planning) cannot change course teacher for some occasion
1	2+3
1	Radio number two is still receive only. No transmitting.
1	So can get
1	Line is busy. Let me contact another CUA person
1	1.Today go to yic and attend the meeting and went to hlaing thar yar betan factory learning the product
1	premise
1	o        USBx_VBUS should be connected to the output of the 5V VBUS power source. It is also connected to the VBUS detect on the hub, which then allows the hub to selectively enable/disable typically through a power switch to each downstream port.
1	[玫瑰][玫瑰][玫瑰]祝各位女同胞节日快乐！
1	We will install external hard drives for Classroom 1 5 6 8 10 12 and sort out the teaching materials next week.
1	water?
1	Place of Issue ​​​
2	Well done to all of you working on This Works. Here is a quote from them "Avenue 51 have been integral to our Chinese market entry strategy. Not only has the relationship quickly demonstrated Chinese marketplaces to be a viable revenue stream, it has brought China fully on to This Works’ radar through the early successes. Avenue 51’s full service cross-border operation has been crucial to this, from the logistics to the customer service."
1	Is there an appropriate Lot Traceability procedure?
1	we will have P1.5-2 small pixel pitch for rental in the second half of 2018
1	Once again, thank you for your great people for your selfless dedication, the big-side Yang Tianyu Mr. Yang tube Anti-push to push the fire out, the sun women God week crystal bright crowning charm, the vitality is pushing, the sun's three-class virtual takeoff, the big sun Fu Suyun layout subversion cognition, the big Sun Li pengcheng Li Ge pipe Chinese Dream affinity, the sun Zhou Xiang Mr. Zhou tube of the network, on the other side of the Hu Zhiwei of the Yang Zhuo, I was pushing three high, and the moon tui was pushing a class. New morning quality class has the need to call yo-yo, changeable, everyone must pay attention to the cold and warm Oh!
1	123546789
1	Shareholding Structure
1	Pending Likely: 6
1	72991243，72991750
1	4. I do not accept cards without face value.
1	Comission=700
1	i understood we are live already, when smart routing zip codes are live
1	1, the list of new: 1x0 = 0 Points
1	type
3	2.As the new product will lunch the market, the HO is no longer bill the F5 series stock，all the location explain to DB，and with the F5 series of up-regulated scheme, please sell out of F5 series stock in channel as soon as possible.
1	f)       We understand that we will have to pass clinical trials for these products prior to receive approval by the ministry of Health to be used in Chinese hospitals. Can we sell these products dedicated to clinical trials?
1	Address: three groups-9-1-2001
1	What is this story mostly about
1	Hello Susan,
1	Please include the following:
1	Hi Erra,
1	Constructed from a high quality zinc alloy
1	printed colour bag ,printed colour outer carton
1	and there's some other orders with payment slip of amount 2000RMB , process as these two orders.
1	This invoice is for the biling period February 1-february 28, 2018
1	also I have a question do you know if the flight ticket reimbursement I gave the receipt for a month ago ever got processed?
1	The Fire Deals pages based on a simple template wich can be copy, the products can be changed by operations. Xixi and her team can do only banners and top header. for this type of work do not need spend that much of resourses
1	Verify that the accessory’s Info Response message contains all audio sample rates that are required for CarPlay.
1	Hi team, please study this tool in your convenient time, perfect network test tool, perhaps we will use it frequently in future...
2	Kindly find below the list.
1	Furniture
1	V9 sale:
1	Last night the police was waiting out the restaurant
1	28) Turn on the car and reverse to engage the backup camera 
1	Dedicated to our both super women!
1	wb-rxl290811 Rxl2466123
1	Flamingo
1	1.	Borrow cloth, sweep and mop*3-4;
1	Sealing & Handle:Self Adhesive Seal
1	16) Connect the Apple device.
1	how clever you are
1	i will give you another chance to choose the flat shoes which you like , no need to post the one which we request it
1	If we have an account then we are automatically in the draw?
1	Photo with us
1	what happend
1	（   ）There___an apple,two bananas and some oranges in the bag.
1	Top up.                        1/0
1	What kind of benefits we give to others
1	801a electrolytic device:
1	The last time i ordered from someone else they got the image off Shutterstock and all the detailes came with it for the size
1	Purchaser must determine the suitability of the product for its particular use. See reverse side of invoice or packing slip for additional terms and
1	We just published the story on Alizila. Thanks for all your support, and congrats on a great livestream event :)
1	When SEH will receive the bare compressor can proceed with the bare installation, piping reassembly, electric and pneumatic connections faster and guarantee to you a delivery date on 22 Nov 2018 instead of the actual on 22 Dec 2018.
1	1.	Writing is good. Many story is clear, is in simple English.
2	The last user mode for the screen is native UI if (1) the native UI was on the screen when the Apple device was disconnected, or (2) the native UI was used at any time between the Apple device being disconnected and reconnected. When the last user mode for the screen is native UI, the display shows the native UI when the Apple device is reconnected.  In this example, the last user mode for audio is CarPlay."
1	Are you sure？
1	i will take you to company tomorrow
1	Dear Robbie,
1	good good study，day day up
1	Hi, I am Phillip works in Bologna.
1	Theme: Shanghai & Nanyang
1	also hang back
1	Window the moonlight, it seems hoary frost on the floor
1	dear
1	Zou,
1	appStates: (phoneCall)
1	Guildline is:
1	1830-1930: VVIP Dinner hosted by Yonsei University
1	just wanna share something about playing blocks.
1	I have reduced the heat from the heat pump to 40 degrees but it will not start as the pool is in “Overheat” mode and cannot be reset.
1	When We Were Young (Panama Wedding Remix) - The Wild Wild
2	10. employee attendance: should be 5 people,
1	because these infos are very precious. we invest our time and money in it, so if you dont get accounts its useless and loss for all of us
1	Verify that only prompts for important privacy or legal reasons are displayed.
1	Paused
1	To verify an accessory uses hi-fi, see accessory's Info Response > Session Response Details > displays.
1	Hi Relly. Is there any date set for this opening BF1 class yet?
1	FBA5LJ2N6G
1	We received the final failure analysis/material analysis report from Hurst Labs regarding the cracked bull gear on QN-1484.
1	SYNCHRONIZED CONTROL SCHEME FOR A THREE-PHASE THREE-LEVEL BOOST-TYPE RECTIFIER WITH REDUCED INPUT CURRENT RIPPLE AND BALANCED OUTPUT VOLTAGES
1	185-6271-5666
1	Happy Anniversary
1	2.Check the app in both portrait and landscape (if applicable)
2	Love and peace.
1	Do not look back and grieve over the past, For it's gone. Live in the  present, and make it so beautiful that it will be worth remembering.
1	Influencing is encouraging people to do the right things.
1	Now I know they work there
1	People are hot for USB-C and PD
1	This needs to be fixed
1	I need 2 staff for customer service at store；2 smooth computer ；2 microphone & a table in warehouse with quiet surrounding who shall I contact？
1	All of you, check out your own store, all of them. You have the damage, you send it to me, and I 've got the statistics on the advertising company.
1	So do not like
1	I have no habit to talk with you in English
1	------------
1	New teacher will come today. If you see someone outside that Looks Lost please help him to get to the centre
1	Qindao 8
1	After spending six months in Canada, Hua realized there was a lack of understanding of the seed business in China and he wanted to learn more. He began doing field work for Newfield Seeds and eventually moved into the lab where he passed government exams to become an accredited seed analyst. Hua wanted to understand all aspects of the industry so he split his time between the quality control department, the procurement department and marketing. “During this period I also gained my immigration status,” recalls Hua.
1	People who should come to work but havent clocked in
1	Google Ad words
1	anyway must i come to center 1 at 8?
1	Sorry, all PM is 200. Please change it.
1	General evening just go out to play
1	5)     Timeframe for delivering results on 600 samples.
1	the Proceedings of 2018 15th International Conference on
1	"Verify with ATS and user-level testing—
1	We need you to open the door
1	arrival
1	zrk还有些小问题。
1	moderator , is a offical name for meeting host.
1	Send me your bills for January month before February 2
1	We also have 34 domestic registered trademarks, 16 international Madrid registration of trademarks, covering 67 countries and regions.
2	Notice on the closure of Shentong in Shandong, TEXAS:
1	Its related to technical thing
1	no, we have no plain carton box
1	both crystal pins, the effective load capacitance is shown in Equation 3.
1	The following information was submitted as part of your request:
1	When I get the paper
1	Verify that accessories using the USB NCM interface for CarPlay support at least 100 Mbps of bandwidth with a latency less than 5 ms over both TCP and UDP protocols and a packet loss of less than 1% over UDP.
1	退款率过高（durian）
1	1.	Clear up all present Adwords US accounts and make an abstract of the list.
1	but you should know the startegy of your team, not Serena...
1	you inform to zheng li about the indian brothers take a table from the second flore ..!!
1	today, we have 3M members only and a very low identification rate (12% national), if we do better in tge future there will be a lot of transactions,.. the curtent size will be enough ?
1	HR
2	hello
1	Xcl: 0 app registration: 0.
1	Fool
3	？？
1	I think we need to talk to discuss our relationship
1	Good morning.
1	How's today's video performing?
1	A big hug. A dedp kiss
1	mmp
1	game theory
1	Vehicle Status
1	Please take more for me every day ...  I like to see more and remember you
1	If you are interested in making a DOTD proposal, please fill the excel attached (EN version) following the example.
1	Has been an appointment in one hand: 0 off 0 group
1	- JV partner of S. America Jugrel
1	tp/vnGS9HccyOpTfePvt8opuaQZrFM7bE6Ncz4xUmnwsqbrcB0sdRXXxOFsT0Vwv
1	pages
2	sorry
1	Indeed, the behavior i was expecting is valid starting version 3.6.
1	8, Mineral Vein event
1	Ok, looks like a sorting error then.
1	may be have other pairs
1	bitch。
1	We're looking for something dumb to do
1	Awake now
2	- Manufacturer is the Tier 1 supplier or OEM
1	The best of online and trade shows
1	Crystal requires 12 pF load.
1	let's gather in Bj next week to share all learnings and take actions in Q4
1	I have nothing to take
1	ok, well received.
1	PCE material testing:      Testing of materials for project specific H2S partial pressure in order to verify applicability of materials for well conditions.
1	ok  your  mind  is very  smart
1	my name is Marina, I am representing Expolight company from Ukraine.
1	Description
1	The following message is distributed to the following people at China Xinjiang Airlines:
1	Thanks for participating remotely for DIY Robocars: Move-it Hackathon 链接 in March. It was a great success and the participants have enjoyed the whole process.There were useful outcomes and we’ve contributed them to Github and also on some blogs.
1	Check in afternoon
1	A professional branding video should also be viewed by the candidate at this stage highlighting the company’s values and beliefs.
1	SUBORDINATE TO GEOMETRIC DATA UNLESS SPECIFIED ON DRAWING TO BE MASTER, AS MAY
1	8263222 86
1	Everyone needs to take the ownership and responsibility of their basic work, then they need to work as a team to achieve the company's goals and targets.
1	ID Tolerances: To 8&quot;: -0.00 to +0.125 Inch 8&quot; and over: -0.00 to +0.250 Inch
1	greatreward
1	box white
1	Alipay Payment Services (HK) Limited
1	review
2	- For all your EVT parts, here is a reference table for parts, D32 only, add more if you have any
1	Mar 7: announcing the winner
1	>  Do we have similar spring that we already used for other project?
1	* Try to be as specific(具体) as possible. (At least 30 words)
1	Escalated to customer’s management
1	Stop talking about food. You’re making me hungry.
1	Never put your happiness in someone else's hands.
1	Stanmore Place             Honeypot Lane
1	* Exercise judgment in planning, organizing, performing, coordinating, directing and/or applying engineering and scientific principles to the evaluation and solution of technical issues at suppliers
1	Seller acquisition should under Pierre. But service is another story.
1	Our organic reach is getting strong and all of the insights will be shared with the team soon.
1	Later Kevin will debrief
1	3 6
1	raise
1	Verify:
1	1kg,2kg,5kg and 10kg in plastic bag.
1	As we have worked on several deals already, the general DD process has been quite clear. It is not about who pay for the DD, but to make sure that the process is both effective and efficient, leverage the functional teams’ expertise. 1) in third party consultant selection, the Fosun functional team should be involved in defining the scope, while Christian should drive the process; 2) to the extend possible, we should engage at least three bidders to ensure that we get the best value for money; 3) in the case that if the team is facing a very tight schedule, or the 3-bidder selection process is not feasible , the team can give everyone a heads up in the DingTalk, so that we are aware of a special case with a good reason for exceptions. Of course given the nature of the runoff deals, there are both pros and cons in terms of sticking to a single consulting firm or running the bidding process every time. We can certainly discuss this to further optimize the process.
1	On behalf of Europe team, thank you all for your hospitality and giving us more if an inside into where all Aliren come from. See you next time. Anyone in Europe, feel free to get in touch. Petra
1	Well, all of the packing is packed up.
1	1. Work
1	3.	Give them a 10-20 minute activity everyday on a particular machine or product. In this way they can be familiarize more and would not forget.
1	These are studio 3’s props, don’t move it.
1	The CarPlay UI is shown on the Main Screen and music is playing on the Apple device. Your accessory enters an audio off mode and music is paused. CarPlay phone calls and Siri interaction can wake up the system and be shown to the user. Main Audio remains with CarPlay after the user ends the phone call or Siri session. (Perform test if applicable)
1	The lady will send you an email Jack as she has dealt with you before
1	I didn't get BISMARCK, either.
1	Note: this must be correct for any Instrument Cluster or Heads-Up display that can be connected to the system.
1	Deeper konw through real vedios
1	He wants to control the Nexus Arduino over another Arduino (e.g. Arduino Uno) via I2C connection. When he removes the Nexus IO extension board the communication works without any issue. But after plugging in the extension board, the communication does not work anymore. He uses the SDA and SCL Pins on the Nexus Arduino board. I figured out that these pins are connected to pin A4 and A5. These pins are also used by the encoder of the Motor4. So, this is the reason for this issue. Is there a solution for this I2C issue? Or, is there any other possibility to communicate with another Arduino?
2	Referral systems
1	I can still go, because the hospital is on the Hangzhou citizen card list, BUT I need to use fapiaos and get reimbursed less....
1	1. JST to work with Omron to come up with an SOP for glue inspection .
1	They don't put any introduction about their service/product, but indeed we can put some copywriting on login page for sparks.
1	tired
1	she is external vendor who will occasionally ask us to book meeting rooms for her.
1	let's remove the paragraph about the certifications and manufacturing process, since we don't have time to check that
1	Fabric material:natural cotton with safety dye, printing & embroidered
1	The preson who is responsible for explaining should sign the white paper as prepared by or reviewed by...
1	packaging box retail
1	5878238
1	We can just pay the payment for PDS first
1	I miss you a bit
2	Verify that main audio returns to previous volume level after alternate audio has completed.  4) Make a phone call from the Apple device
1	If you can't, so I'm sleeping now
1	All  people
1	I also recall that
1	You read very well, the feelings are very good! Keep going!
1	I just about have time to prep now, I only get to prep for my classes during the weekend.
1	• Tolerance (typically 5 ppm to 30 ppm)
1	next generate hit
1	30) Disengage the backup camera.
1	people mountain people sea
1	it's very easy to be different but very difficult to be better.
1	A: Good.
1	We're meant to be together
1	I connected quickly to my Mac, got some data then closed the program and switched back to the company's Wifi.
1	771023819
1	1. 04/03 號流水有 705,553.49萬,最新總流水超133百萬.
1	a)	Obligations. Each Party, acting as receiving Party (hereinafter the “Receiving Party”), recognizes and accepts that (i) as a result of the execution of this Agreement, access and knowledge will be granted to confidential and sensitive information, formulas, processes, documents, materials, data, information analysis, projections, technical information, strategies, sales, data bases, price lists, distributor lists, commercialization strategies, results of market analysis, marketing campaigns, systems and programs for the administration of personnel and any other information of, or related to, the other Party acting as disclosing party (hereinafter the “Disclosing Party”), whether printed, or in computing programs, electronic data bases, work frames and/or models or any other existing technology or future technology (the “Confidential Information”); (ii) the Confidential Information is information that provides Disclosing Party competitive advantages in the market over its competitors; (iii) Disclosing Party has adopted all necessary means to maintain the Confidential Information as confidential, including limited access to the same and in this regard the Receiving Party assumes the obligation not to disclose any Confidential Information provided by Disclosing Party to any third party.
1	The rest Jersey lord
1	dyed,Printed Pattern and Plain Style cotton fabric for bed sheet in roll
1	1.pre fight brefing
1	container
1	I can't speak English. Do you have a translator?
1	40: Hao Lingjuan.
1	I am waiting for Mr..Zhu for door installation
1	120 word
1	my toy chatbot
1	3, Civilizations/Civilization Fortress
1	[Scared] Did the parents have a morning: No?
1	Photo of package description. This photo is just an example.
1	hair
1	Coffee
1	if you never abandon , l will in life and death
1	Hello. everybody. Glad to meet you.My selfie is here.
1	layher
1	Please wait for Rev 2 release
1	Ovidiu Olea here
2	Are you sure?
1	Get
1	Fine Minister print
1	- Color : ingrey ( or white , not dyed or printed )
1	first come up a plan and then provide weekly update.
2	13) Disconnect the device 
1	yes can you open some and show me picture?
1	Can I please have water delivered to my classroom - 1204?
1	and i also don't get it , why ppl like to propose in restaurant ? just becasue they can put the ring in the dishes ?
1	Arrive 16:20
1	Objective of this meeting:
1	Dear all,
1	They will be here at 17:00
1	Yes and he also said to cancel the order
1	5CMJH92
1	Verify that the CarPlay system has a tactile button for Siri activation.
1	- Firmware is the current firmware version. This must match the firmwareRevision displayed in the Info Response as well as any software/firmware version displayed in a native menu (if applicable).
1	1 space is very limited...
1	let's applause welcomes new colleague to join us, welcome Antonie,   Hope you’ll be happy working here, and if you have any problem just let me know.
1	It allows us to contact you via email when we need to.
1	Great! Was just gonna type
1	7800077
1	2. Lucky draw for prizes.
1	12.	False Acceptance cloaking Rate 0.000%
1	Aegean! For TBC Card section on LZD SIS, can I adjust the height same as category?
1	Look forward to your reply.
1	ust talked about this topic with Ike. And personally, I would prefer to get some proposal from you first before F2F communication. It could be some slides that offer details about the services you would include in the SoW about Philips Cloud Drive.
1	we just need to know the real qty you load,financial department have to make record
1	I know from rumor at the tax dept that they are indeed looking closely at the Seller accounts as part of the sale
1	Verify that the accessory transitions to the CarPlay UI in its latest state without changing the audio source.
1	these are all the styles that you say will be ready for 20th April.
1	 是可以过滤的
2	Verify that only one requestUI command is sent and that the accessory transitions to the CarPlay Music UI and that requestUI command is ‘requestUI(music)’
1	201496 customer, 2dc - white, P9 with no relevant holes
2	* Must have a thorough knowledge of TQM System and input all Quality Audit Reports and 8Ds into corporate Audit Database
1	Getting over it.
1	Zaaid Ahmad
1	8X2536 - LD on May/21
1	come out of the closet
1	Couple
1	- TAT from receipt of songlist
1	FPT mean fabric performance test
1	criteria
1	today，HO will upload 9 imei numbers
1	I tried persuade them, but he is really angry because it's the second time that they meet the same problem in this screen. And also they are blocking our last payment because this issue.
1	Just one more thing, pretty serious: the absence of those medical college students. Why are so many of them not coming to our class?
1	5. minimize
2	Hope your kindness.
1	Dingtalk Winter Bonanza brings you exclusive offers for Paytm Employees
1	how about touching people?
1	Verify that the latency does not exceed 400 ms.
1	076-076 【直选】后三  1期  892注  中(1)
1	landing form
1	But we must do good job to satisfy the shops and the buyers.
2	Just the way I am
1	ITS VIET NAM  ITS VIET NAM
1	You are the most lovely in my heart
1	XXX
2	Thank you,
1	I am also working.
1	it's already in finance system
1	What  do  you thing  you  are！
2	You guys have done a very good job
3	Roger that
1	beautiful and meaningful!
1	Tyxdth
1	Freight (Amazon Pay) - If you choose to go with the x% Freight Allowance option Amazon will cover all freight charges in our fulfillment network in exchange for x% deduction taken from total receipts of the amount of product we order from you.
1	3) Review Workflow
1	Meanwhile, this seller also set up a set of product variation which is a voilation of the Amazon rules.
2	 Visually verify—
1	For info, the owner want to finish the painting work within 2 or 3 days (Urgent job) after owner' confirmation.
1	I sent u a request that tester has identified an existing problem related to shipToCountry(we shared in group chat). so do we need to fix that? plz look into that
1	Meeting with CFO of paytm is done for 27th Feb, Founder may also come.
1	3) We like to ask the top performers to join the Telegram group and share how they used the program, can you help in this too?
1	Amazon Seller Services
1	Yes, for #8, I explained the meaning for this term.
2	Sorry, I think there was some misunderstanding, because purpose of this group should be communicate amoung Sales departement of Business center and Operation center. so right now I will delete someone in other depatement. my apologies for any incovinent.
1	If the accessory supports Vehicle Status, verify that the following messages are sent or received in the iAP2 Control Session:
1	we can see this model's butt
1	$
1	Why go back ?
1	Verify that all audio output is disabled while speech is being recorded.
1	ok , checking
1	Dapeng Wang, Gang Li
1	The expectation was to arrive by 10am everyday unless you work very late previous night
1	Already starting my fireplace
1	but nothing works
1	Goodnight  dear
1	3. Foxconn has arrived 1200 servers until today(02/26), installation still is on going.
1	Cindy,that's different field. I can't do well for these injection process
1	Ok,tomorrow I repaired to you
1	Awesome cheers!
1	kr0y9iR90n383wfQPwpLSI8qwL1m4znG032a78N65mi5wcZRkrRyJMYQUFB0ch7a
1	Initiate a phone call from the Apple device.
1	I’ve made the sheet
1	Oops, sorry... our time, it will be around 4:00pm your time
1	Because for item H-56231-00, we have some chain with duplicate charm on a chain, some scratch mark, shortage 6 sets.
1	PAR-1
1	Announcement: Lesson release will be held this afternoon from 4:00-5:00. Please, everyone attend :)
1	Arrhenius model is a very standard model
1	Please kindly note that the monthly salary paydate will be kept at the last working day of each month.
1	Wet Waxing – the process in which the wax coating is applied to one or both sides of the paper. The wax creates a smooth film on the surface of the paper.
1	It's about the Spring Festival, and the factory is on holiday.
1	。。。。。。
1	it s like getting to know a long lost friend
1	In-App Purchase Programming Guide
1	Never underestimate your power to change yourself~
1	ferrari yellow , not correct
1	They use 220V current in their house.
1	Come to see around here ^^ the area in circle is mor established with more services, supermarket, school or so
1	14383376
1	1) Can I know if all the wall graphics, pelmet and reception counter graphics confirm?
1	Will presented to you soon!
1	sorry captain，chengdu not have a dinner😂
1	stress induced.
1	- FSale process
1	Alibaba Cloud Launches the World’s First 8K Internet Video Streaming Solution
1	Thanks all
1	studio wedding photographs
1	So will release once SCC available .
1	Ventilator window
1	Case field fill in the voucher the protection period 90 days
1	- We can control the dim deviation for Smoky and milky material?
1	sailling
1	Zhejiang Dahua Technology CO.,LTD
1	Dear sir,
1	c)      The question is also how we can start our direct business bearing in mind the special product registration for Yukon Choice 4 DES being based on Yukon Choice 4 (bare metal stent).
1	15: Object
1	Unavoidable
1	I love you. I miss you. Good night
1	Verify that the shows the accessory voice recognition UI.
1	Go or not go home
2	kevinmfib
1	The tennis coach found that some parents picked up the child at the tennis court, and some picked up one on their way back to school. We are worried to lose the students on the way.
1	Please strictly follow the deadline next time, or we shall not entertain.
1	perspective
1	Anyways gotta run
1	Thank you all, excellent job Sam. Very succinct. As jawar suggested, please let me know if you ever want to speak to them to bounce ideas about sectors. They will repay the favour.
1	Mr yangjian in strategic customer service.
1	MICHAEL KORS
1	Mobile App Development
2	you like the grass on the top of a wall
1	today's guest is Tiger Sir.
1	4) Begin recording of the audio via the computer. Allow to record full 12 hours.
1	Hey everyone, just a reminder about CT Feedback given to FTs. When giving the feedback please keep to the rubric and don't leave a comment or score that doesn't relate to the questions. If there is something to be brought up that isn't within the rubric please relay it to the Assessor or our Regional Supervisor Ritchie Ding. Please when scoring to leave constructive feedback so FTs know what to work on. Also recently we had many teachers on vacation and many of us taking on extra workloads. So please bear in mind that during such periods it's a struggle to keep a consistent quality. If it persists then you can contact myself or Ritchie. Thanks!
2	Sorry for I missing the information,
1	Don't expect anyone else to support you
1	ASIN: B07BFSVKFY 
1	In the afternoon, ready to kick courseware, and single-game form, with agents and Regional Manager communication opening activities
1	🐅
1	charming
1	Elegant Design And Finish
1	I'm on the donkey's skin.
1	take you follow me to fly
1	Morning team, l acing the hotel in 1 hour. Kindly put the flight plan in ARINC I cannot complete the FRAT report without internet or review the flight plan.
1	for  the batter  safe  we  need  to follow  this
1	Herkhabar account I can't found
1	主题: To Appoint Auditor
1	can i help you
1	I walk
1	Hi all, nice to talk to you.
1	I started my job in VIVO Sargodha from 1st June 2017 as a sales supervisor.
1	Dear Angel,
1	2.pop-up safe mode nitification
2	I heard he then said: You used. If in warm weather? Generally speaking, the spring autumn temperatures are more modest, the pig rally good, high-grade feed with almost feed, the effect of not especially, according to the climatic conditions, better feed can show effect here. Winter pig feed the quality of the high demands. Now, if you can use the feed? He said that your company's feed than him, okay? First, the company profile, we are more professional. We East Hope Group has 34 years, China's earliest R & D pig feed, there are now 100 many factory, the headquarters of the professional R & D team, according to the different regions of the different varieties do Formula, nutrition, more balanced growth, in good faith righteous principles of justice carefully done conscience products, the real farmers money products! Production formula is based out of, we feed contains the imported fish meal, fish meal in pig rally or better. And the Corporation of average quality is stable. He said: Do you light agreed useless, I have not used before your company of the material, who know the will? I don't know about you. I said: Well, the feed can't just look at the price, we have to get them from their made meat cost, look at the material more meat than, the price of meat, okay, the price of feed, expensive but does not necessarily expensive. Besides, now next village has been useful we feed the, tell me you may know, you can ask about our feed. Actually, I said good, why don't you try it yourself. Song, the boss of the group culture very much agree with, on the spot to sprue 2 tons of trial. I according to the Group's development process that you now. Can't give you what you, give you the farmers of pull a few work and materials, see the results more later, now you our products don't know, the data and have a look, this is for you, don't let you spend money, but also I am a oriental want people to the principle .) The customer was very agree with, had him a little hesitant to say: Usually we do not ever pig, A said pig three days is not long, emergency. Catch swine bark, and too much trouble, empirical out of good quality will not be changed. I said: we have a special company called swine floor scales, very professional, zhua zhu. See that he was very curious, I took out my phone to find out we 've recorded said pig video gave it to him. He took it and went to have a look said: The first time I see that said pig, ha, ha, you are very professional. The tenet of our company is integrity said pig, the data's '. You can have a look below the accounts of the video. He looked very carefully. This video that we call pig a Data Summary of top record is comprehensive, we is how to calculate the material more meat than, the price of meat than, data out after you will find the price of feed high and not really high, only grow pig is a good feed, we do the data throughout I He Ni tracking, will you find some pig and the prestige of the people we witness, make sure that the empirical reality.
1	" Verify with ATS—
1	Family love is the most sincere love in the world, I treasure it very much.
1	And there is not parking for office unit. There is only PAID parking which is too much around 6500 rs INR.
1	FROM OF PAYMENT: Online payment
1	please make sure the white text on the orange ribbon has a curve (see attached). cheers
1	I’m afraid he wants something instead
1	5.	Data conversion of closed purchase orders or invoices is not included in the Scope of this SOW.
1	church
1	Host：
1	My fight is delay for two hours
2	3. Car diversion, double parking spaces.
1	RTA = Refuse to Accept- it is an administrative period within first 15 days of submission where FDA goes through a checklist to ensure the submission is complete and they can proceed with the substantive review.
1	Where are you now
1	Vivo Total -06
1	conwentional
1	C. was doing, heard                  D. was doing, didn’t hear
1	worktitle
1	ATS Utility is an iPhone app for running TCP and UDP bandwidth and latency tests. To run the tests, Iperf must be enabled on the accessory. Download the ATS Utility from the MFi Portal.
1	FMS.7.2 ME1​Smoking policy and if there are any exceptions
1	◦  The goal is to check if the self heating effect can be reduced by moving the test items to the start
1	2.3.        O-ring /Rubber seal easily come out
1	1, the appointment of the intention cannot be too obvious, to be careful to guide
1	However
1	ffHkckYTeGYcF9jc/uxLB+3JaQTg3qjhN4lkZpIcTIecS7BzaKhmyUJAsseihLbu
2	Main Audio: (unborrow)
1	anytime
1	Thanks, Dick.  What I'm asking also is why Kathmandu is not featured on Tmall International Women Event page?
1	good... pls do the needful. and office guys any input?/
1	Sorry Tin Ko Oo is 450,000.
1	No, let's eat again
1	Here's the product details.
1	I'm more worried about the former.
1	Mohamed Ali REJEB - Material & Logistic Manager
1	An update :)
1	Hi everyone, from now on, we will talk everything about business in here IN ENGLISH. It will be a great way to improve our communication skills.
1	What is the value of having the following?
1	Today's  you so tried
1	Can share the shipment plan for overseas?
1	You go to the E-mail and check it out.
1	Wang Bing tells me MA286 setup is ready. Why not running?
2	4) End the call and wait until FM radio resumes.
1	Microcoiled tubing device: The device is designed for the installation of a capillary pipe with an outer diameter of 1/4 "in the gas wells, and the pipe is put into the borehole under full head pressure, without stopping its operation. The cable is installed in wells with a maximum head pressure of 21MPa and a depth of 3000m.
1	The video is okay but it should be complete from start of production till its finished or packaging.. also I havent received the production flow chart
1	It's a view from cellphone of the AKEY2 page
1	don't hesitate to ask for more information
4	----------------------------
1	I always wait for you
1	[ERROR] Failed to execute goal org.apache.maven.plugins:maven-compiler-plugin:2.5:compile (default-compile) on project fccscheck-common-service-integration: Compilation failure: Compilation failure:
1	wagon
1	You’re very welcome
1	For the new year, our President Chiang Kai Shek is still traveling around. You still owe your money to the company, and you don't forget to borrow.
1	5 packages: yunzi nan baiyao ya gao + big dates.
1	Consider packing and shipping too when deciding size
1	•If the customer agreed, make receipt
1	Promoter Name-
1	Teach all QS  and audit all factories.
1	　A cowherd points to a cot 'mid apricot flowers.
1	If yes, please provide details.
1	2) Allow Siri to reply
1	-          Baseplate and supports painting
1	Actually you look more beautiful than your avatar
1	please remind reception tomorrow moning.
1	because 。。。so。。。
1	To brief the core of the project we wish to open with PRM I put below some key points.
1	Whether it need 张毅 to make its design ?
1	I feel hedao stressful
1	Is normal,  winter,  bacteria grow,  smell,  can be handled
1	3. A manager in Saima a. I. of the Permanent (two o'clock P.M. until 9 at night), can be together to discuss the problem.
1	0) Allow the Apple device to issue a hidSetInputMode command (i.e. navigate to Apple Maps > Destinations > Search > keyboard)
1	waste linen conveying group
1	One final point, the Dv90 of 120 for batch MSL171208002 may be because it represents the material from the 1st drum and is not representative of the batch. It may be an option to retest drums 5, 10 and 15 to obtain a more representative number. If these drums show an improved PSD then we would just remove drums 1 and 2.
1	You can pay for  the freight and I send you the complete amount tomorrow if you can,
1	Now pending who?
1	Please be aware that this rejection does not reflect any negative evaluation on your confession. This year I have been particularly fortunate in receiving an unusually large number of love confessions. With such a varied and promising result, it is impossible for me to accept all confessions, regardless of their outstanding confessing performances.
1	Celine just sent me。
1	FOOTBALL GAME:the first game of 2018 when MAR7 19:00-21:00,still old place，5th ground !Now start the sign up !1.谢文琪
1	inquiry
1	Am talking with customer now. I asked him to send us videos. May it’s will be later.
3	test
1	If 500 ml, please check if you also can send us a quote on 400 ml, which has been suggested by involved buyer...
1	Nitin/Suma, Please use this for updating the goods dispatch till we migrate all the backlog to Server.
1	TOTAL PRICE
1	boss is boss！
1	It is necessary to remove wifi in order to recover
1	That is the tender. Please check to see if we can buy it
1	200005428	011002
1	2. The sale of goods processing: Today sales of 0 yuan, this month accumulated sales of 78 yuan.
1	DETAILS – SHORT LENGTH, PADDED SHOULDERS, RUCHING
1	I was humbled to witness some amazing team success and site progress over the past two days. Our Yungu, Guan project has brilliantly developed over the last months and our customer should certainly be pleased. Our TEAM has received a prestigious safety award and Ovivo is certainly one of the best suppliers on site. As usual and like everywhere, the schedule is very tight but I am sure that our great TEAM will be successful to fully satisfy our client. Well done and thank you all very much for this outstanding project performance.
1	what the hell am i
1	hi everyone, ive received a few articles today in my email about the rush rich situation. they are changing some of the austalian export laws now because of our law suit
1	The 2d set of draft customs rules we received today are just procedures for applying for licenses for any kind of free zone (not e-commerce and not just in EEC), so are more general, and not so related to us.  So no need to spend much time on this tmrw.  Just a few minor comments.
1	retail is fast and simple
1	I want to hear you
1	outer frofile 2-edges changed from straight to full  round
1	more shows about to be announced!
1	Hi may I know if we are able to connect to maxcompute with other reporting tools say powerbi ?
1	SpanID：00112628b2615631
1	(Michael n Xixi)
1	Cainiao Post
1	When you be available to make the FDPR we need to schedule asap.
1	If the user is not looking at the main menu, verify that the user is notified that CarPlay is connected and the user can switch to CarPlay by tapping the notification. 
1	you are welcome
1	Hey everyone please welcome Alex to the WJ/XBH group. He will be the regional trainer for WJ and XBH. He will be coming to WJ or XBH sometimes and will observe classes and will be delivering training either one on one, center based or regional (North East). Any questions please feel free to ask me, Oli or Alex :)
1	0) In the accessory's iAP2 Control Session, view the provided External Accessory protocols over all supported transports.
1	The next Head of School Coffee will be held on Thursday, February 8, at 8:00 am in the Fine Arts Center. Make your plans now to attend.
1	Please all take note today 14:00pm new Customer will visit our factory
1	Jpsor那个跟卖的
1	18) Disconnect the device
1	Hi Michelle and Asia, I've created this group for easy connecting with each other :)
1	I don't know if anyone looked outside but it's going to be fairly risky to move about...
1	I have said ALREADY that I have never never never met anyone more important than my dream.
1	Thank You for your Support
1	12) Turn on the car 
1	8.
2	Cisco AnyConnect
1	Dear Customer,
1	problems caused by a poor layout.
1	2) Trigger a notification on the Apple device, e.g. receive a new message.
1	ZT31XWX4Wvxx
1	by the way, I think ICBU found out about the price difference
1	YDK25-4D1
1	Verify that there are no errors seen in ATS trace"
1	② Appearance in line with company Standard
1	minimum 5% (for any hotel that has already achieved 30 days or below, keep within 30 days; for other hotels,
1	Teamwork spirits
2	- And if indeed issue #2, how can we control it better?  And what is the gap at our process?  Dont we already validate this by looking at photographs?
1	Federal-Mogul Motorparts is hosting our NA Supplier Days conference in Troy, MI, June 13th through June 14th, 2018. Join us where we will share insights, ideas and technologies to help us win together.
1	657645
1	(2) about  this month DL special scheme ,all of u must know the main point, if  DL 's OSR achive his F7 target ,DL can get 2% for all the model which sold in this month,must let DL understand ,because it's easy to achive and 1 pcs A83 PRO =0.5 pcs F7.
2	Thank you for contacting us.
1	Come on
1	Guy, long time no see!
1	high
1	(Branch 00010) Banlen branch, 45 Moo 11, Banglen, Banglen, Nakhon Pathom, 73130
1	New set of Phonics cards in the phonics station.
1	Hello Leo,
1	Celec
1	Regarding #19101, we approved the color only 12month that you sent, you can only can start this 12pages, not 17pages.
1	BANK ADDRESS:G/F,WENJIN PLAZA,NO.1010 WENJIN NORTH ROAD,SHENZHEN,CHINA
1	Pls complete below information , we will check with oversea and arrange for you occordingly , thank you
1	Can you send me my attendance sheet from the month of March
1	bottom up, wenjin
1	The pig's head, if it's a chat with you, has humiliated my IQ
1	Me too to all I comeback soon
1	Navi Mumbai- 400 706, India
1	very outstanding achievement,Thanks to our team!hope our technicians make it come true early.
1	Accurately weigh and dissolve 2.0 g of sample and 2.6 g of disodium tetraborate in about 20 ml of water previously heated to about 30o, shake continuously for 15-30 min without further heating. Dilute the resulting clear solution to 25 ml with water.
1	i know what you mean what i ask is some one to send me city soicial elements
1	Hastings also said that Disney’s latest acquisition of Fox assets does not prove as a threat to the company unless they “slack off”.
1	Main Audio: (matches the last user mode)
1	so finalize 30,000
1	I'm feeling fed up
1	I love you sweet dreams
2	in malls
1	It's impossible. Japan is dead.
2	appStates(NA)  
1	Why you upset of me ?
1	the message said, the bike has been set as inbound already, so couldn't be inbound again.
1	After ge jie test, 360 rapid browser sulfate has no conform to rules with the status of resource status after bei liu, before the 8:00 of the opening door in January 26, the whole province should pay attention to cleaning up the cache, replace browser with a non-360 zoom pattern. Remember, up selection of non-360 fast mode browser !!!
1	Shipping Method:
1	Their feedback is that “it does not work” and not suitable for testing. Like strong noise. There was a more detailed list, but basically they said the issues must be very visible and known in China locally as well
1	UPS 3000VA 2100W 01 33,000,000 33,000,000
1	what do you do for me？ 哈哈
1	Please ask victor to check with the lawyer the payment to Joy
1	Regarding 1774
1	There are our mistakes:
1	OK, i will start writing english to you, you can write korean to me. Sounds good
1	17 April 2018: PM
1	The desk has more room now we fix it
1	1) 1,000KG Big Bags on 20 Pallets and Shrinked Wrapped in 20' Container.
1	Make them tight and not loose
1	Alibaba Cloud is now the world’s first cloud provider with the transmission capability for 8K video streaming. This is made possible by using Alibaba Cloud’s push stream software to combine video and audio into Real Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP) streams, which are then pushed to Alibaba Cloud’s live broadcast center and high-speed video channels.
1	They have direct access to PD with waiver of referral letter
1	Red Mi Total: 01/16
1	vampire
1	The one we have so far are not updated and not really stunning in terms of graphic
1	I'll try to persuade him to come back and use the tolient after he lands, because the plane is on the ground right now, and if there's a strong turbulence, he'll get hurt. If he can't stand it, I'll persuade him to grab the handrail in the tolient. Pay attention to safety. I must come out as soon as I knock.
1	I am a 21 year old male looking for some extra money for college so I can work on my dream goal (Nuclear Engineering)!
1	Let’s join the club.
1	The purpose for this is to coordinate the planning to have all these defective smartlocks resolved.
1	- DestinationInformationStatus contains a ParametersSuccessfullyUsed parameter group that includes only ‘CenterCoordinate’
2	5.2.1 - Were not submitted by the legal entity that owns and is responsible for offering any services provided by the app
1	Sometimes，he does something amazing, at that time, we don’t know what he thinks about.
1	This means he asked you what you have been running in the past, or you want to run with them
1	I need the quote for conveyor belts feeding long links on machine2. Bushing flare tooling on machine2. Qty2.
1	You talk care yourself
1	Alternate audio levels can either be separate or tied to Siri’s volume setting."
3	Verify via ATS that no Changed Modes commands are sent by the accessory."
1	at math is full of splendor
1	Pls just ding me if you are interested and I will match you up by end of today.
2	7) Perform the ‘pops and clicks’ detection within the audio analysis application
1	They will let us know once they study relative savings
1	- Audio to be recorded at 44.1 kHz, 16-bit uncompressed.
1	My furs worth a thousand,
1	Deliberate disregard of the App Store Review Guidelines and attempts to deceive users or undermine the review process are unacceptable and is a direct violation Section 3.2(f) of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement. Continuing to violate the Terms & Conditions of the Apple Developer Program will result in the termination of your account, as well as any related or linked accounts, and the removal of all your associated apps from the App Store.
1	I like red envelopes
1	1) Restart the vehicle
1	Thence, S 88°06'19" W, a distance of 273.05 feet to a point of curvature to the right;
2	They said Tanzania re-bar is not good
1	but it is raining
2	Accessory’s UI is shown on the Main Screen. The Apple device triggers a notification which is shown on the Main Screen. iOS notifications will only be shown if the borrow constraint is set to nice-to-have. The Main Screen returns to the accessory.
1	3. Duration of Stay :
4	Hello, Wish platform, this is zhukaixuan. I'm sorry to disturb this wish platform. I would like to explain why my shop has a high refund rate and what steps we will take to prevent this from happening, stop that from happening.
1	You are the very man that l am looking for
1	2 inch white  faux wood
1	GOLD
1	Guys when you request access to the organization use your name and not a phone number... I will reject the user because I have no idea who he/she is. Thanks a lot
1	食物工厂反馈：	•	Please adjust concept to feedback
1	👨🏻‍💻T.L name: Chandan kr singh
1	LS532494283CN
1	I would like to remind you all of the importance of being clean in the workplace.
1	Tune-up Procedure (if applicable)
2	women ispiangpiang
1	123040_20180404
1	For today staff party, on behalf of all staff I would like to say thank you so much our boss, Mr.Micheal  firstly and secondly to party organizer, Ma Zin Mar! Happy Myanmar new year to all!
1	2.update mechanism data and material data in FA report
1	Number of working days:  From the day the engineer arrival at  your company to the day he depart from your  company.
1	Marketing - Since we are as much a marketing platform as we are a retailer, we work with deducted from payment. These funds are spent helping us understand our customers, marketing to them, and overcoming purchase barriers. This includes investments in areas such as site functionality, search optimization, sponsored links, emails, PR, and associates that link to the products we sell.
1	About 1 and half hour she with me
1	炼油厂反馈：	•	Please adjust concepts to feedback
1	I'll loop you two on.  So in the future, are both of you sharing the responsibility?
1	Boss Today Market is Very  Slow But Boss Try Best Give You Good Result...
1	7- Follow up to the Mr Naveed and discuss about payment.
1	good idea
1	Go from Safe House to south and then go east to Shaoyanju Beili and then go east to Shengyongxing and then go east to The White House.
1	faceid  -1
1	better refund in case he leave negative feedback
1	91430300MA4M6DUX39
1	winner winner chicken dinner
1	[Edged up early admissions interview work simulation exercise]
1	hello shelly, what are going to capture?
1	i will miss you
1	Magic.                        8/2
2	6.	Mop floor
1	2) Navigate to the vehicle’s native UI
1	Back part inside zip pocket
1	She can finish payment by balance .
2	hard work
1	Let me discuss with dong wah, and confirm with you
1	Oh. Do we need wait feedbacks from tester?
1	There are two torch moving car
1	Your always welcome my dear
1	Provide educational services regarding health, dieting, and well-being
1	Because Ramadan Festival is coming in May, the shipping cost will rise about $500 per container. Hope we can start our cooperate asap, and we will apply for better delivery time for you.
1	Well noted Pak Ricky. Angga
1	have made it ，thank u
1	dangerous
1	It’s showtime
1	Happy Women's day
1	Can I expect my tickets to be booked today?
1	082-082 【直选】后三  1期  891注  中(1)
1	TlRSAeOsBIN1Ubo5pH7aIyIWyx/TFntkMrSktkl6SluJBxjKe1zEYBGmeE3z3odC
1	T L- chander Sir
1	DJ, noted. Thanks.
1	the car vivo vivo vivo
1	Your pattern is too deep.
1	Did you wake up?
2	2) Play an alternate audio sound (turn-by-turn directions, SMS, Calendar, Mail notification, etc.) from the Apple device
1	are you sure?
1	We will add such address into your account then your mining income will be distribute daily at 10am.
1	Nyundo, pls sent me the boq of abattoir machine .
1	We look forward to hearing from you all!
1	Dedicated vs Non-Dedicated Siri Button
3	3) Initiate a phone call and verify that the caller is heard.
1	1.Cognex needs turn off smart shift for G6/Angle.AE limit won’t be updated until PD approve to change.
1	This color can be accurate.
1	And as far as I see, I paied for good quality glasses, not your second grade glasses. We had no agreement of me buying your second hand glasses.
1	1, When can do initial assessment and know initial result——  Please feedback by today(3/7)
2	Tensile Strength MPA ≥0.50
1	1.	Pressmark cannot get any chance to set limit sample due to failed assembly level further judgment.
1	The CarPlay UI is shown on the Main Screen. Your accessory enters a standby mode (display and audio off). The CarPlay UI will no longer be shown and music will pause. Phone calls and Siri interaction can wake up the system and be shown to the user. Main Screen and Main Audio return to CarPlay after the user exits the standby mode. (Perform test if applicable)
1	(For) High School
1	Li tingting just changed the shipment status in the system last night, it is still in the warehouse. Did the customer confirmed to accept it?
1	above mentioned issues were not allocated in our work scope initially, we want to conclude with you whose responsibility it is to do those jobs and when the jobs will be done.
1	So if you want put it in the our oven you must disable everything
1	So suggest the interface mark , divide interior interface and exterior interface
1	Small wave
1	for your new vendor, you give too littel information
2	Guideline 5.1.1 - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and Storage
1	export GenusStrategyFixSender1=GenusClientAdapter
1	TDS
1	In the group, always use screen shots of the important sheets. Don’t just attach excel. Or PPT. Handphone screens distort everything
1	Thanks for all your hard work!
3	Very good! Some farms should hit 35 PSY this year
1	Whenever and where. for what reason, I have been watching you quietly, secretly like you! Don't have any burdens in your heart. I interiors you! Good night, Inez.
1	V9=1
1	Siri ends and the accessory shows its native UI.
1	We noticed that your app requests the user’s consent to access the Location but does not clarify the use of this feature in the permission modal alert.
1	"Because we can"
2	Verify that all CarPlay icons and hard keys using requestUI transition to the corresponding app.
1	Czech students are preparing a presentation program. Its content and length will be sent to you in the coming days.
1	### The error occurred while setting parameters
1	6.	Suppliers using EDI to conduct business with Customer is not included unless stated in the Scope of this SOW.
1	LvydwrxDJt9bQbTUytQH7wJzuR1wFmB2kw7r7uck8wBAnUBFxwK6/YLV8JZwk2QKbPLKmfsMcbxD
1	3) Disconnect 
1	OFO
1	Merrill Data room  I logged in, but no longer can see Project Lego. some investors ask about valuation details, I need to get access to the valuation file/Excel screen shots PDF
1	You apply for a refund on our side
1	Early plan: March 7
1	hi
1	18) Connect the Apple device.
1	digital fabric printing cotton lycra
1	yesterday boss talked to relationship manger , she told him , when i called and asked she said she already explained to boss
1	}).build();
1	Please kindly fill in all the active APNs in the below column of the Information sheet. Thanks.
1	8616n-k8.  1750
1	Kunming one meal, one kiwi fruits and Nanjing pistachios
3	- Do not modify this document other than adding your test results.
1	6.CUSTOMS CLEARANCE(清关费 ）：USD85/40’
1	· the INVAR rod valve remains on its seat
1	Maximum Moisture Content
1	200006175	170102
1	Why still manual????
1	I was told to apply for leave for these dates 2018-2-12 to 2018-2-14 but I covered for Floris in this time. And from 2018-2-22 to 2018-2-25 but I am not using any holiday here as I owe these days back. So what should I enter?
1	China Takes First Step In Paying For Crude Imports In Yuan
1	Then i'm happy now
1	"Connecting to a known Apple device, and the last user mode for audio was FM radio
1	i am at door, can you help open it
1	no need the total same Dima
1	COMPRESSOR
1	What about ios?
1	seal:open top or ziplock
1	- RouteGuidanceManeuverUpdate
1	1m 
1	Selected Factories For You
1	the columns of the visa form.
1	8-5-5-w
2	In the coming weeks, we are going to begin discussing personal characteristics, using sentence patterns such as "What does he look like?" and "What is he like?" We will be using a diverse range of vocabulary and grammatical structures to meet the needs of every student. Today, I introduced the first set of vocabulary. In phonics, we will be continuing our practice of word families.
1	What is the date of the update of the latest batch of powders?
1	(Wang) self-discipline.
1	all available
1	First victory of the year of our sponsored Olympic athlete, covered in all related media
1	hongda whether we need to pay that matures maret?,Sasa
1	If the accessory sets a protocolVersion, verify that it is set to “1.0”.
1	Yes. Is the same that the customer send to me
1	We hope to cooperate with them on PAC, but due to new policies not limit only for them, please explain to them,
1	the connect of partition to mullion at next training room is not good, i ask to redo it. so we cannot send the picture to client.
1	Now I came arrive my province with safe
1	Can u pls help to put out another brand chando' product link in the draft? Since it is also displayed in eureka
1	2) Repeat at least 10 times
1	Qi shou is not required to take medicine, wish to be ill, heart-free, door-free, but to the Earth.
1	Joel is also gone
1	VISA APPICATION
1	iPad12.9"(1).jpg
1	one more question. are we going to arrange international media to do an exculsive interview with jet ?
1	Happy new year from paris
1	Please do NOT reply directly to this email.
1	but you didnt transfer invoice to Ms Zhao,and her work can not continue...
1	First of all, thank you for the information.
1	Have you been able to collect the Line 4 paint consumption information?
1	Dear Sunny,
1	*Update of EX_A_1.8.8*
1	Congratulations for your family!
1	All right, unwelcome
1	2) Show the native UI on the screen
1	I can't give maggie the approval....
1	I. MARINO L. HIDALGO, an official of the Deputy Provincial Secretary's office of the Province of Alberta, Dominion of Canada. where the records of all Notaries Public of the Province are, do hereby certify that YANG BAI of CALGARY in the province of Alberta. whose name is subscribed to the attached instrument is a NOTARY PUBLIC for the Province of Alberta. by virtue of being enrolled as a member of The Law Society of Alberta on AUGUST 25, 2016, and is thereby duly authorized by the laws of the Province to administer oaths, to take affidavits and to certify the proof of deeds and other instruments in the Province.
2	appStates(NA)   Visually verify— CarPlay is shown on the screen. FM radio is playing.
1	finally I realize that we are just a email client, we are not email provider, verification isn't our duty.
1	another question ICMS team is whether there will be triger alarm to notify tech team when data flow is down
1	6. The number of storehouses: 130 people in the morning, more than 50 people yesterday.
1	This is all 16 test diagrams for HANOVER SONG, and if no problem I will render the formal  pictures
1	Self-introduction
1	b)	“THE CLIENT” reserves its right to modify, decline or cancel a part or all unfinished plans, programs or works in progress of “THE AGENCY”, according to Section Four, subsection b) of this Agreement.
1	You said you were organising the Isla images
1	Alice you can schedule the time to discuss the cold storage white paper, as there is no meeting with QC
1	一
1	you have scored an ace!
1	Hastings further went on to explain what Netflix considers a good metric for its movies, stating: “We measure [success] directly in viewing and then also how much people watch the whole movie versus drop off.”
2	Verify that the relevant Telephony HID are messages are sent and that they follow user interaction.
1	Verify changeModes command with appStateID=PhoneCall, state=NO is seen.
1	i wasnt able to open my flipchart in tge classroom tonight. neither could the CT. so someone who knows how to do it needs to show me before class tomorrow 👍
1	Chinese ambassador to Singapore
1	1) Press the control in the Maps user interface displaying the text provided in the MapsDisplayName parameter in VehicleInformationComponent.- Upon receiving the DestinationInformation message the accessory sends a changeModes commands with:
1	"0) Tap on the AC_BACK button while on the CarPlay Home Screen UI
1	live beautifully,dream passionately,love completely
1	Otherwise we can also stop making documents and manuals for our products
1	i knew from the starts
1	- project timeline alignment
1	2) While the Apple device is on the active call, connect it to the accessory.
1	Hi Team, Please make sure config is same with doc. interconnection from BRI-VA
1	Or ?
1	My two did not go school for 4 days
1	ByAmazon Customeron March 7, 2018
1	wonderful
1	clear me here
1	Hello everyone, this is a group amount all business centers and operation center, if u have anything to discuss with anyone in business center or operation center, u may send message here.
1	The one from last night? I thought its at 11?
1	AMD has traded as high as $12.54 today.
1	S51/01
1	By this they will give full effort and focus for achive it.  Totally 4 weeks for a month. So every week target.
1	Betty bought some butter but the butter Betty bought was bitter Betty bought some better butter and the better butter Betty bought was better than the bitter butter Bettey bought before
1	All things will be different. 😬
1	Hello Team 254 if you have cloths,shoes or something you would like to donate kindly bring them in tomorrow .some peoples house burnt down here in kibera so kindly if we can give anything..shoes..cloths (both kids and adults and we will distribute accordingly .Thank you In advance .
1	5) While on the call adjust the volume of the call.
1	also the D/P?
1	Go to Quantico, I'll go over there.
1	- Please take a photo of our first order (with box)
1	for both
1	GTWCDN2	G13-7
1	2018.4.1
1	they have the wechat or email?
1	We have this drawing,
1	Verify that each changeModes command for Take contains a takeConstraint and a borrowConstraint.
1	Hello Moria,
1	Juniper team send mail . They want to know about GSTIN  number.
1	For legal DD, also for your record, It is zip file of all scan copies of Maphive PRC contracts
1	？？？？
1	Later l will check
1	420 Montgomery Street
2	very good
1	Children under 13 should not be allowed to babysit.
3	Hi，DingTalk team already received your feedback. We'll take care of your request and reach you back as soon as possible. Usually it will take about 2 days for our customer service team deal with the requests. Thank u for your patience.
1	with all the anger and all that said, I still love you
1	because the code may require network connection to servers that may not be accessible from within China
1	Let's use the 8 in 1
1	We are firming up the samples now and will place order once we are ok with sample
1	wechat id
1	as desired the draft flex suppl order may b seen
3	fighting
1	Current Referral fees:
1	Sorry brother.I'm takes another one.
1	Your listing was reviewed after the rights owner notified us that your listing used their copyrighted image without permission.
1	3) On accessory trigger nightMode
1	Searcher
1	The CarPlay UI will no longer be shown and music will pause. Phone calls and Siri interaction can not wake up the system and be shown to the user. Main Screen and Main Audio return to CarPlay only after the user exits the stand by mode. (Perform test if applicable)
1	mmJIpyaKCGCN9XGyNjOLZXF/CQMHdx8HGXwVaMjoJrRsOabgOJeaGLEUkdheV5EG
1	When I order bakery I want to receive freshly baked things not the ones that are left from the previous day
1	6 Low Self-Esteem – Being a teenager isn’t easy on the self- esteem( ). When the self-esteem level drops
1	percent
1	Modern and simple design
1	If you are free you can join the Singing Club this afternoon at 3pm
1	what is the matter？
1	Today's job order rate: 60%
1	wait for Jerry
1	Hope you had a nice weekend.
1	Sun for morning, Moon for night, and You forever.
1	Hi please give information on the transaction through Alibaba
1	I will work on scripts here in US. Hope to have drafts by Monday afternoon (US time), Tuesday morning your time.
1	update status in APP
1	sadly we have not scanned the documents shipped with the goods :(
1	and for the tubelight i will confirm you either i will sedn the guy from here or u find the guy from there itself
1	It looks like the new version is working. If your still seeing issues, double check your placement and make sure test mode is off. It looks like because AerMarket was paused and test mode is enabled, it was filter out the mediation and just not filling.
1	waiting for you
1	Our time zone different really making our life difficult
1	200006552	120102
1	Shahrbanuo  Shafaghi
1	Iron material will rust after some time.
1	Verify that the accessory completes authentication, claims support for the following messages in the IdentificationInformation message, and that these messages are exercised in the ATS capture:
1	Effective box Lattice]
1	anything is possible
1	2. IDCFREE #1090745 , US44-B Fan error. Closed ticket successfully.
2	iperf -V -c fe80::0202:b3ff:fe1e:8329%ncm0 -u -b 100m -l 1448
1	Amazon Services
1	【国泰航空】Cathay Pacific: Your flight KA 627 scheduled on Sun, 01 Apr 2018 will depart Hangzhou at 11:05 on Sun, 01 Apr 2018.
1	Kindly remind, everybody need to stay in office no more than three days per week.
1	"0) Select the accessory’s volume controls (physical or on-screen)
1	XZ- 3:00pm
1	First wish: We want a half day break for this 38 holiday!
1	Delay 50359000- TickCount()
1	Thanks and Kind Regards,
1	19: Object
1	Factory default settings from the menu must set all functions to delivery setup. That does not work for the pixel orientation.
1	and right now he's still double checking
1	Hello everyone！My name is li Juan ，I have two big eyes ，I am a optimistic girl ，I have many hobbies,I like listening music and reading books ，thank you
1	What are you doing?
1	You are the landscape of your eyes and your heart.
2	You are happy
1	black
1	Liz, sue me
1	3. The FAI/CPK report about new parts and the latest waiver report.
1	sorry, video is also needed.
1	What can I help you?
1	400-686-1555
1	Phone Number: 1(805)239-5200
1	Carlo
1	At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.
1	Thanks, buddy.
1	oh thats perfect!
1	mydeal ticket 3440 seems need to return?
1	The slides you don't need write
1	It's been a long day for me.
1	let's regroup again once the information are ready
1	Drop to airport from Mulian to HZ airport on
1	Thanks Vicent, have a nice trip.
1	Boss from last month we are working with 43 outlet.because of some npo outlets  are in rural area
1	200008817	120102
1	2. Take MS 930 and delivery to  Vina Auto, discuss with them trial planning, support needed to expand market.
1	2.
1	do we have a chinese introduction? maybe I can translate the chinese introduction with google and later fix it
1	Just received info that the China mechanics are delayed.
1	3.6Holly's diary
1	periodic overhaul
1	Wham do you eat breakfast?
2	After double checking on the internet, ‘any question’ means you only have one question. ‘Any questions’ means the questions are more than 2.
1	Temporary houses.. office..meeting room
1	Guys.. In SQL Component , I am unable to choose code groupware for my node. Drop down list seems to be disabled. When does it happen?
1	9:00
1	nterchangeable nozzles, STD-1133 or apply the mixture with a brush.
1	Just a moment, I'll ask him.
1	Later I found out he finish when you said me about the materials
2	happy
1	think cell
1	All that to say, the next big winner could be found anywhere, and today I believe I've identified the next one.
1	We can get in Spain company who provide the right content
1	KUL-Kuala Lumpur
1	good health and the spirit of the day
1	or we create a fake sku in FS module with Product image is the QR code (Red)
1	Plz prepare the graduation ceremony and make new course lesson plan.
1	Please don't talk to him..if he really need medicine then ask formula and help him to buy .no other talk to him
1	Can we improve the quailty of this image?
1	bad ass
1	Today's job: 3
1	xDyRvtV+onx0fgH5Oktcs3/P72kta31H+WlHlQ5XMS43qtRQPtyVxCzXwW+AgwEP
2	small white
1	Outlate -soni pco
1	Kick down the ladder
1	To avoid overlook and misunderstand of  the products change from you side, please send the modified details with different color in the part CAD data and also show in PPT to indicate it where it is changed.
1	You will also need renters insurance and we have two requirements that
1	Long ago, even before he made the world, God loved us and chose us in Christ.... His unchanging plan has always been to adopt us into his own family by bringing us to himself through Jesus Christ. And this gave him great pleasure. EPHESIANS 1:4-5
1	Dear Christine,
1	Verify that turn-by-turn navigation from the vehicle (or any other prompt) is either suppressed or conveyed as tones."
1	Hi all, after discussed with the production house about the Olympics Brain Video. The current verison including too much scene and functions which will lead to the length of the video be too long and will cost at least 6 weeks to produce. So after discussed with Siri, we pick out 7 'MUST HAVE' scene as below:
1	By the shop
1	Logger Vick
2	Enjoy today girls
1	in middle
1	feed ID？
1	Join Using WebEx
1	As I have told you several times now, I have kept in mind that the products are hand made and I am NOT talking about minor errors on the glasses!
1	emergence
1	You will be fined Rs 200 on being late 300 rs on being absent.  I will collect fine on the spot.
1	Gulshan : 20/11 units
1	basically
1	Remember those who had been in your life so that they can still be in that world.
1	object
1	SALGA2FV3HA343765
1	take a nap
1	u exist in my mind
1	Contact-+91-8249966990
1	Ming Yin, XIJ Line Maintenance Group, Group Email XIJ Engineering
1	What is this?
1	Test Result
1	who said
1	And even if I change "0" to "20", it still does not open
1	I am fine
1	H-42088-00, 11mm width, but the sample only 10.5mm width, have to revise the mold and resubmit for check again.
1	Also after testing one good board with good sensitivity number all the sudden the switch fall down and we can see the ground still gold which mean there was no solder apply + pads have dry solder.
2	For New Joining
1	This is a real fuss.
1	I see Cody has already started testing for color on Rogers stock and we will also test lot retains on the material in question.  We can share the color values and then take your direction on how you would like to proceed.
1	Asap
1	Not bad but not enough for the MacBooks right?
1	6 Color Options
1	Need to contact customer for refund
1	Before putting its stores on Manager:
1	Go on a trip
1	the video is gonna shooting
1	I am feel glad If I can work with you again...
1	Meanwhile cooking some broccoli
1	But on the Internet these photos did not appear on their own. These photos have authors.
1	Tell SA if they see any incorrect application, like no dean (cc’d at the bottom for over time). Must be rejected.
1	3.c. Allen: Please measure and record the temperature of the parts right after they come out of the oven.
1	Everybody wants happiness,nobody wants pain.but you can’t have a rainbow without a little rain.
1	My comments on the escalations (Malaysia most urgent to deep-dive)
1	(Tips: 1. Cool off, pay attention to the cold. Now, no matter what learning, you can't take notes.
1	0) Press and hold Siri button on CarPlay accessory
1	Other SmartPhones -2
1	ball
1	ELK:
1	"0) Connect an Apple device
1	ID/TOTAL EXPLANATIONS
1	1, enter the chou hao link: interview before, in the over-the-counter chou hao, the students did not know that they were assigned to the interview group, and the teacher did not know who to interview, enter the corresponding interview room based on the number of the incoming numbers.
1	3: Send a screenshot to the number given below on Ding talk
1	350 gr cardboard
2	Disckspace:(ssd)  100GB per data node
1	I think this is a reasonable solution. Can Zuetec provide a guaratee? If so we should finalize the CA and get a lease in place. You may need to inject the additional $150,000 as cash was very tight. I will work with Kurt to look at this and see if perhaps a lesser amount is possible. The worst case is we will need an additional $150,000 in cash.
1	I love three things in this world. Sun, moon and you. Sun for morning, moon for night , and you forever .
2	Good weather!
1	currency:  "JCB"
1	Shyt I feel like cuddling right now....under some covers....damn I jus got wet
2	-Today the optimization goal: nan cheng hua yuan, Unit 1, Jiang in the drainage
1	pre-warm is not sent before buttonDown
2	Dgz: Zheng Wenfeng H023617 summer yuanfa (h021154
1	This is a water heater, advertising in the process of preparation
1	Captain, do you still want your meal?
1	1.If tomorrow situation in under control of Police then market of above mentiones zones will start and we will get good results in V9 sales.
1	My heart began to ram
1	Due to crystallization is the natural phenomenon by ceder product, thus we can not guarantee it will be happen again.
1	six
1	15) Wait 1 minute 
1	How Effectiveness Was Confirmed
1	I’m back～
1	Sign me up for Product Alert
1	he will complete the rest on his last truck going to charge on price that you had been told. 380. 390.
1	Please stay tuned for the updated schedule
1	means bring new brand to VN?
1	Words
1	* Work with Global Supplier Quality Engineering Manager and Regional/Site Quality Managers to help manufacturing sites improve the quality of supplied parts.
1	99
1	Celebrity Look-Alike Award --> this one so interesting
1	It had to be domestic use, because if you sell and  ship anywhere in the  world you would lose your ass  $$$$$.    Big time.
1	55character(s) left
1	Hi,this is mengqi from review team.Form No 12230938, have some questions：
1	Morning all, please confirm attendance in Friday 13th dinner —> 1. Diego
1	The decision was : 1) if CGD invests , BCP will invest with the same amount until 67M ; 2) if CGD does not invest, the decision was delegate in the CEO Nuno Amado and in the vice-CEO Miguel Maya, here there is mix feelings!!! Nuno Amado is not comfortable in this scenario!!!. I think they will talk with Fosun about this and take the final decision.
1	Verify that no further changeModes commands are sent immediately after the info message to update the state (unless triggered by the user).  Verify—
1	Woodsun
1	01 Including Including
1	We already finished sketch up, and sent to Michael this morning
2	Login method: Cellphone number and message authentication code
1	OK， just come
1	f)	Transportation, hotel facilities and travel costs in journeys to other cities;
1	You are a stupid pig.
1	We regret to inform you that the Dolphin Adventure program had fully booked on 02 April 2018 at 12:30pm.
1	illumination
1	2018年1月10日 上午8:01
1	Please Tobby complete all required documentation to Pemba projects as per Negotiations meeting
1	Please note: This e-mail was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept incoming e-mail. Please do not reply to this message.
1	Every department, team, should review how we / they did. What went well and what needs to be improved. Look at what information is needed, how to communicate better, where we need information on white boards (eg at the end of line) what information is needed eg what coding do we print at the end of line, how many samples etc etc
1	basketball
1	We are producing new shoes now
1	Sunsoo
1	I appreciate your hard work, I'm dissapointed the police could not have issued a 1 year entry-exit. It's disappointing
2	:phoneNumber should include the +
1	any size problem you can also ask me.
1	4000580688
1	its plain - white
2	3. A copy of the Value Added Telecom Business Operation Permit issued by the local Ministry of Information Industry and Technology (从当地工信部获得的增值电信业务经营许可证).
1	I pray to the gods that the women in our good company will become the most beautiful women to have ever been witnessed in the history of this realm. They will be lavishly gifted with the finest chocolate delicately crafted by the most skilled bakers in Changsha. They may also leave in the afternoon to pursue their interests and return once well rested. Please take break according to your own schedule and workload
1	L Everything i
1	who can respond to me?
1	b) “THE AGENCY” shall carry out all required services and actions as instructed by “THE CLIENT”, “THE AGENCY” will assume all responsibility in all kind of agreements entered into with suppliers, media and with all kind of third parties.
1	Enjoy 2018, Yuan Xiansheng!
1	My list of errors is NOT me beeing picky, it's following your own quality checklist.
1	2 # zhi qing B pump alkali cycle, flow 35m3/h, system pressure 1. 80mpa, current 3000a, voltage 477V, groove temperature 87.9℃, hydrogen into chun hua;
1	My year (the year of red hen) ended
1	my account is closed so i was created another account
1	I am from customer service
1	This is for your kindly information that, 9th April we have a refresh training at HO.
1	We would prepare communication if there was an employee for that.
1	Hello, I asked high resolution pics for one of our customers, please help to provide ASAP
1	PS: 1. TOL 12 reassigned-to-A Inventec servers, 8 in the US44-B storage, 4 in the cage. Wait for 史彬克‘s operations.
1	Accept the envelope ,not waiting breakfast
1	so you have started management of orders as before?
1	The customer said he has been to the shop 3 times. He now requires us to arrange someone to take it back and refund.
1	Do you have any problems or requirement when you sell our products in UK market? Hope to get yr comments about the quality and the design of bird products
1	In a production environment, low-noise receivers can now
1	Please party through trade finance the following invoices in RMB. Ish
1	ZZB will hold a meeting on Feb. 4th and 5th and some of you may join. Considering all key business units will have made their new fiscal year strategies by then, I would like to take this opportunity to host a session for you all in Hangzhou right afterwards on Feb. 6th to 9th.
3	Verify that the vehicle provides a touchscreen, touchpad, or a combination of knobs and buttons.
1	English please
1	1.11.     Brightness not works well –Software issue
1	Any info on the guy renting our office?
1	this picture showing us some personal items we need to carry on with me。      I awlays take a large bag with me ，because i have many things need to carry on with me，for example，i would take credit card for shopping in othear couties 。sometimes，i will take magzines and mp3 for entermaitement in the longhoul flight。i would take my asprin if i feel not good 。
1	Tonight we achieve our target again, total input units 720 pcs, with good units 650, this is the latest record again.
1	3. 1.1 Business: Payments - In-App Purchase
1	reactive
1	Hello!Facebook official！
1	alright perfect- i'll send the calendar invite + the materials over now to you and Yerzhan
1	Wish you a safe journey home!
1	The Tenderer confirms that the Mobile Backend as a Service supports integration with cloud service and on-premise data connectors.
1	So troublesome
2	Please have a look at this quiz page tonight. Students can learn and practice
1	用来形容动作：get on, get off, get around, get back, get in, get ou
1	Congratulations all for your hardworking, the event has been successfully concluded.
1	2. Amazon customer has asked, "Hello this is battery or accumulator if so what kind thank you"
1	Huawei, which recently unveiled three flagship P20 models in March, also launched a new one on the 29th of this month. this time, it is the open 8 series, which is also available in three models: the open 8, the open 8plus and the open 8E. Are you looking forward to it?
1	1, Y53 Black phoolnagr
1	This is what we are going to need for our class with k1002. But, Echo na I have this same topic on Saturday (in Grover, too), so we can just leave all the materials in the classroom.
1	📋 Rules:
1	I hope I don’t find any further issue, please also let me know which SA is responsible for the future.
1	Yes because you are admin
1	· an actuator assembly.
1	Dear David,
1	To.Mr wang and lilin
1	This is too much before my open class
1	I'm around
1	This so hoeeible
1	Maybe we will change the system. But we will work all the behaviors
1	2. Morning: morning duty, morning arrangement, ten points back to write the information
1	But it is the same starting day 1
1	right now it just opens as a web link, how do i open it inside taobao?
1	She will let you know once it's completed, most likely within one hour or two
1	5918603
1	name=GACOMOTOR.COM type=A: Host not found
1	Are you having interview now?
1	Feeling a bit uncomfortable. I wont be in the office today but will be available on ding ding anytime. Will apply for 1day off
1	we won - best action camera by hi-tech.mail
1	It looks fine and can we ask Gavin to draft the wordings for minutes as well?
3	Good morning
1	i will catch you
2	Verify that there is no noticeable delay and that audio input and output are crisp and free of any pops and clicks at the far end.
1	say my name say my name
1	Can you tail
1	the container just arrived on the port yesterday
2	Verify media playback continues once the Siri session has ended.
1	this certificate It is a prototype , whose content will serve as a basis for the preparation of the document in question in the country of provenance or of origin to enable each country
1	u kidding me？
1	good night!
1	An example
1	last time when seller arrived after 1800, I asked when should they come back again the next day morning....and you told me 930. sth about the next building....etc
1	Carol please make sure this process in place too
1	I will try to remove the vanilla gelato which mixed in the sorbetto, because there is significant difference between sorbetto and gelato on texture.
1	‘Any’ & ‘some’ are always followed by plural nouns if they are countable or singular if they are uncountable.
1	- Are the rules of lapsing/expiration defined (eg: elastomere for membranes, sand-cores, …)?
1	what time do you think it is already?
1	sun for morning ,moon for night ,and you forever
1	The liners work for electric & gas ovens, microwaves, toaster ovens and can be used as a grill mat, baking mat and pan liner. The oven mats are 16x13 Inch but can be trimmed for a custom fit for any BBQ grill, oven tray or pan.
1	Iupital when come again?
1	could you please tell me how many pcs should we order, here, minimum order is 500 pcs, thanks
1	Today I won’t be able to come to work, can my salary please be sent to my Alipay account. Thank you!
1	34060820
1	Just a little personal advise.
1	Finish lunch and eat more then we will call
1	His future is to make his own.
1	Direct
1	The firmware has changed where it now allows only 4 tries, and then locks you out for 4 minutes
1	She didnt work on Monday even though she committed verbally.
1	fake news
1	But I am not sure if your Chinese is more "cosmetical" than the translator
1	OK
1	Never say i will back .im not going anywhere
1	harrz
1	TEST
1	social social
1	Put little more chic peas thanks.
1	Your group should take a day trip to some place
2	Tomorrow Customer:Mass World Audit time 10:00am to 15:30pm.total is 4 people
1	Since the subject is already discharged from the hospital, report the event on the AE page of the CRF
1	Good morning, Leny, please help me raise 30 mins rest time in system. And bring me the labtop to Building D TKP workshop, thanks.
1	I’m happy for us to contact Worldpay with request to remove services - just needs email from Simon to Cathy, CC me. Just need to be clear and take into account the English disclaimer as well,
1	Hi Team
1	We remind our good office to remember printing services in head office, currently there is only one insufficient printer(for colored papers) and another normal one which has no autofeed and normally overloaded.. We will be very happy to have one big printer with autofeed(in case of large tenders), colored and black/white options, scanning options etc
1	fated
1	3- Following to the order of Oro Electronic Alain and confirm his order and send him goods.
1	They really piss me off at the factory
1	Can you sbeak english?
1	3) Deactivate stand by mode or turn on the accessory.
1	Please reply to this message to confirm whether you or any other users of email services at your hosted domain have undertaken an intentional bulk send out, e.g. a mass mailer or marketing email. If so we would require that in your reply you also confirm your understanding that large volume mail-outs are not possible on our shared hosting platform and your agreement that you and/or your users will not attempt any further such activity. Outgoing mail from hosting accounts on our platform is limited and larger volumes of outgoing mail would need to be directed through a dedicated marketing email service or server.
1	show me the money
1	Love you all your life
1	Who can press it out of supplier?
1	song zhao
1	my darling～i want touch u in the darkness
2	D33 B3 Daily Meeting Minutes with AME Jim
1	check it. maybe this issue.
1	As they are still working on S'pore rate card
1	0) Connect the Apple device to the accessory via Bluetooth
1	Parcel will arrive by the 11th of March.
1	主题：AW: AW: Re: AW: RE: G VW P 17 1064 - Project Agreement
1	You know what is S2B2C right?
1	everyone else.
1	For UK, it is re-authorisation of our lic.  The changes in regulatory requirements is why we need to do a GAP analysis and fill the gaps... gaps are mainly data and cybersecurity and governance hence we setup the RMC
1	i love u to the moon and back
1	-pre-warm is sent before buttonUp when the OEM VR is started
1	Books, Comics & Magazines > Non-Fiction > Other Non-Fiction
1	I appreciate the passion Simas shows, and welcome to join the meeting if you are free at that time eventhough you are on holiday, haha.
1	My flower, Li Jinshui, female, 99 years of secondary school graduate, with Xue Qiong are students, learn the computer, when I first went into school, I was a classmate with Xue Qiong, with Yu Qing, Jiao, dalian Dou Shi know, so they are a few do pull, her feelings for Xue Qiong are still available, and she needs to go to her relationship with her, she's here, the environment here is still very recognized, she don't like smoking, drinking in the environment of the usually like to play, like some lovely things, the shi pin lei those special love, like to eat dumplings, dumplings, celery, balsam pear, she was interested in the beauty salon, and she wanted to learn something about it, she has a boyfriend, just last month, and it, she told her boyfriend is still a little care,
1	Here are the answers to questions
1	if you cannot do it well. you need to go to customer site to service any problem when there is!
1	You are eight eggs of wang
1	I guess you may ignore it for stage 1. Our API supports baskets and multiple visa applications per order. Also, it's possible to add other services like passports for example. It's also possible to remove items.  It's not really important for stage one because we agreed to simplify the things and make one application per order.
1	perfect let's add them to the catalogue ?
1	· a body with attachment plate
1	2 because the bbq ate the up fire
1	Tomorrow work plan
1	citizenship; interact
1	———— 显示引用内容 ————
1	-	Apparel, Accessories & Consumer Goods;
1	I look forward for your reply.
1	3 pin
1	4 The elevator three room unit price of 32 thousand
1	it is in the jumbo bag or small bag?
1	I want to get paid today for last week and this week please...
2	wink
1	Please, first, please.
1	Thanks for your understanding。
1	How many more kids to reach our demo target?
1	Work time, leave the office area, must and colleagues to explain the departure time and direction, otherwise, affect the work, will be treated according to absenteeism.
1	　　-W41.4P　　  　　　x  4node（OXS）
1	Frequency : L1, 1575.42 MHZ
1	There is also no trolley. But gas heaters can be rolled around easily. So all good
1	is up to you
2	We are changing our strategy . The point is not selling a cheap lock but a security and peace of mind with digitalized Computer vision
1	have  not  find
1	4. xing
1	A little help, when Yongquan! Thank you for your big selfless giving! I park the verification of five classes, lie design, chicken blood, need to call at any time, zhu Jia people early ideal platform! To reply to the reply, hard work.
1	5903552
1	Deal！！
1	Hard.
1	Yesterday, I’m reminiscent , there are three decision  1) the one ITP’s platform ID , has only one master user . 2) the new version of the ITP need own its independent financial report system , or even operation with  manual financial report.  separate  from the “gold dish ”. 3) the master user () supporting to substitute customer to help customer to register onto host banker’s platform if customer would not want to do it .
1	I need a pickup from grand hyatt shanghai to hangzhou jw marriott next Wed AM
1	发票needs his signature
1	you mentioned about our house today when we were chatting..
1	Kindly confirm
1	i change already
1	Hi, Jose so sorry for the late reply, i am off today and tmr, could u pls contact Amelie? she is looking today, and i will also relay to her, so sorry
1	Car Display after disconnect
5	What does it mean?
1	what is wrong with you？
1	I am trying to set up my yingmo email on my laptop but I dont know my log in details
1	These 2 events are coming
1	Verify that no audible artifacts are heard while adjusting volume.
1	If it is urgent we can try to get one today
1	Just confirmed that we will start work on Monday. Please coordinate with 林工 directly
1	[Alibaba Cloud spokesperson] said, “Alibaba Cloud’s 8K Internet video stream heralds a new era for high-resolution video cloud solutions, just as 4K resolution did in 2013. Our 8K video solutions are now available to our customers and are supported by our high-quality transmission, storage and cloud computing facilities as well as our advanced transcoding technology.”
1	i need to send it our customer
1	Car source transaction: The same day, total transaction 4
1	21) Turn off the car
1	Can not be used
1	"0) While iOS music is playing, trigger a vehicle alert
1	hello what‘s your name and number
1	0) In the CarPlay Session view, see accessory’s Info Response > audioFormats
1	She may not open the other wardrobe to check
1	She gives money everyday
1	That is what kind of articles we want. Sharing their own opinions and have a good impression on us at the same time.
1	Could you get the art supplies and return them to Rickey personally please
4	Company Language is en_US.
1	hey, gossip time~~~
1	Ok thanks let me check
1	38 € for day time and 54 € for the night.
1	You have a mouth.
1	Make sure you have visibility of all parts made before you made correction on flatness measurement(FG part, PSA side).
1	19:19
1	But I can’t attach it to close the task. Please, extend the deadline until 2 March. I will write a post on itao after 21 February and I attach link
1	Sorry guys they change my agenda again I have a meeting at 5 for the new organization that will finish at 6
1	-Collaborate with Quality Development Engineer in the definition of the control plan and other quality documentation,
1	24        650          115 €
1	balance:  "0"
1	Date: January 19, 2018 at 6:23:59 PM CST
1	I would love to cooperate.
1	Looking forward to seeing you at 3:35PM in the 3rd floor training room.
1	I wanted to translate something from my phone to my computer.
1	Nanjing catering: pistachios, cashew, small walnut, instant noodles alcohol, duck neck, duck gizzards
1	do we need to have a dinner tonight
1	Manhattan Plaza, 23 Sai Ching Street,
1	By the way, do not forget to bring your pen and highlighter for taking notes.
1	1) Connect an Apple device which is also on an active phone call.
1	17) Connect the Apple device.
1	At least should have the termination letter from the last employer
1	Age of two
1	1- It has a terrible halo effect near the edges
1	12: chai de. Okay, okay.
1	On Tuesday I have two periods in the afternoon already?
1	Just a few things to improvise on So the input from my side would be;
1	I have some question. Is this item have been already development another site of Valeo?​
1	need to inform you that we are slowing down our operations in Mozambique including the marketing of tyres as we are going to a restructure phase.
1	Sophie, I have a dinner w/ Mark at 7:00 but I’m happy to meet afterwards. I am staying at Courtyard Marriott 300 Julia street which is the same one we are having breakfast at
1	What are the negatives of ventilated toppers?
1	total bestseller sales have massively increased this week! last week this top sold 559, now this week 1222
1	experimental results should be more arranged.
1	Verify that the accessory does not perform any actions that are not a result of direct user action, i.e. issuing commands that are not result of the user pressing any buttons."
1	Acceleration of Ling in the US as discussed
1	We want to assemble the crane
1	2) it’s right before raya in indo and Malaysia
1	Mai Qile senses qualified-recorded
1	Filler 4 now works good. The operator has sorted out labeling problem by readjusting label roller and it’s cutter.
2	Technical personnel Li Fang travelled to Ankang for three days on January 15th 2018. Due to improper custody, all invoices for this trip were lost.
1	Today's transaction 0, recognize 0, the cumulative transaction of this month.
1	Also another sample is under test in PC laboratory too.
1	      Easter weekend is approaching and we would like to tell you we will have a vacation on Good Friday 30th March & Easter Monday 2nd April 2018 and will come back to normal operation on 3rd April.
1	The Pacific Coast Highway is under repair so we may or may not be able to use it by the end of June
1	3.Decrease the vacuum for o-ring.
1	go on baby
1	SUPPLIER NAME, AND QUANTITY.
2	Helping you get your app, IAPs, or bundle to the App Store is very important to us, and we are working hard to process all submissions as quickly as possible.
1	Abby it’s fine. I’ll stay and do it. Seems like it’s a problem for you to fix.
1	Eugenio will be short in 25 tons of Ultra, that he proposes to ship early February 2019.
1	Store No: 033
1	Sorry, interrupt you on holiday.
1	small sizes are too expensive
1	　The mourner's heart is going to break on his way.
1	Hi Triumph team,
1	Hi Leo there are some things happening at the moment and I don't have  any information we are supposed to get diner for a  group that we were not involved in the first place kindly advice
1	say 3 or 5 working days
1	2. 1 Performance: App Completeness
1	Seal no. SG0109456
1	Girl, you know I want your love
1	While Siri is idle:
1	Carbon fiber fabric, tissue,yarn
1	No servers in the row
1	nihaohuai
1	1. Would you please provide a final discount? If any, please send us the updated quotation.
1	Thank you Michelle shared the songs with us
1	Others:(0/0) %
1	Choo-choo thing to do them or you wait to you go to the UT you go to the tritium shovel to remove WeChat
2	7) On the accessory start a UDP iperf client (use the Apple device address, i.e. “fe80::0202:b3ff:fe1e:8329” and the accessory NCM network interface name of the accessory, i.e. “ncm0”):
1	-----------------------------------
1	shall we go to bank to get the number?
1	2. Give us a written promise that you can accept the discrepancy caused by this item, we can accept the LC 。
1	so the rayon crepe is not suitable to be made into a dress ?
1	every day
1	ConditionSelect the condition of the item you're listing. Learn more
1	Advisory line; Song Junyang 2313.
1	Increase conversion funnel by improving success rate and driving adoption of loyalty and wallet
1	Work with the nail
1	收到
1	Three things are gone: time, life, youth.
1	wrinkles of time accumulate on;
2	Hi Annie
1	How long will the pain last?
1	Have sample production parts been provided as per customer requirements?
1	Off Duty at US44. 5 tickets are processing.
1	The New Year gift cumulative: 0
1	Is there a decision on what days are buffet?
1	Michael
1	No  money
1	idea of offset heater is pretty good, but the shape looks very ugly. Actually, in my opinion, the best patio heater must be heated from the bottom.
1	General and administrative (G&A) automation. Digitize core G&A processes to create greater levels of efficiency and effectiveness. Leaders have captured 20 to 50 percent improvements in cost and efficiency.
1	all the BM ,about A83,the JIO company already messaged to 8 millions 700thousands OPPO customs ,
1	Because in real device it looks too splashy
1	maybe that is more better than projector
1	Everyone talks about our image and being a 5 star hotel, yet we drive and old ugly truck for delivery.
1	Are you on any pain killer/anti-inflammatory drugs?
1	I have already prepared for the exam.
1	Perfect balance to hold robes and towels
2	victory
1	• Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
1	If the accessory supports Destination Information and is presented with a routable destination in the native UI verify the correct resource management commands are sent when route guidance begins
1	20180401	216401	110630	10145599	6.7200	3.0000	1
1	The rain is a little heavier so will switch location.
1	Mobile phone.The customer manager uses iflytek to explain to the students.
1	The problem is the customer didn't believe it is a new item and insisted to replace for a new one or needed full refund. The Loivaa finished half in warehouse and the other half assembly in the customer's home.
1	Transit​
2	 3) Receive a phone call or initiate Siri to the connected Apple device.
1	The requirements for a suitable data system
1	Upload your tax residence certificate.
1	hey，girl，let  me  play with your mimi yi  xia  xia  OK？
1	Annex D Form (attached). Complete
1	* Try to be as specific(具体) as possible. (
1	SEE CONFIGURATION TABLE
2	Two people came from an exploration at a snow mountain. They were waiting at the camp, for the rescue team to save them. But seven days later, the rescue team came, and found that the two people were dead, one on the bed(several gun holes on the body), the other lying on the ground. Outside the camp, there was a big hole on the ground.
1	dear promise me that you will always happy because I'm always with you
1	the font size of above is Arial 24
1	P11/01
1	I want to talk to you, you will find the right person, maybe not now, but she will be in your world, don't worry, cherish now, just a month...
1	dear Alex,
1	Target 30 thousand this week.
1	The delivery and departure notice of ofo is as follows:
1	Tell me how to do that
1	Apr 68.55 / 68.85
1	If I bang on your door and you turn me away, I think I would die
2	Style:Jacquard
1	For this batch of times with questions of products, the product color of the Order is wrong, leading the buyer to receive incorrect products. That we contact the supplier and rigorous debate negotiations, the problematic products go back, at this time the ship before strict inspection, they have to check our products by one of the cases (product SKU, model, the color and size of the size) prevent any error from the project, and strictly take the last step to the last step.
1	String[] times = new String[]{"11:00-12:00", "15:23-14:00"};
1	Flashback
2	1. Spring
1	X1030 -806-15596
1	One: the app is worth 1100 yuan,
1	6. Work with Omron to optimize their SW to get a proposal for hot glue height inspection -maybe generate a second datum surface to eliminate the measurement noises but just showing the valid height data .
1	I am not in a good condition.
2	Verify that iOS music is playing through the car speakers. 
1	I feel better after playing badminton
1	chicken stomach grow up angry
1	[6c430a1] 1/1 finish admin operation listing controller & service
1	what are u insist for ,just quit it!
1	3 1.This passage mainly tells us
1	– A link to the privacy policy
1	Going home
1	I'm not sure how our people sent to LZD on secondment obtain the visa from Singapore government. Are they simply holding business visa, but in fact working there? I talked to MY government officials, at least it's not legal to do that in MY.
1	I'm Xu Tingting family, Guan Hongfei salesman, my name is Liu Weihua from Gansu!
1	A few years ago, on a flight to Wenzhou, when I and my colleagues provided drinks and meal for passenger, a woman needed a napkin. But before I gave it to her, she used my apron directly.
1	From now on, you can start e-learning at the Sutherland Academy of Excellence. As freshmen, you have 5 e-learning courses in total to learn, namely The Sutherland Story (including Sutherland Global Service Overview and the Difference: A Sutherland Story), Reading and Interpreting Data, Creating Effective Action Plan, Leading with Accountability, MS Office Basics(including MS Office Outlook, MS Office PPT, MS Office Excel and MS Office Word), of which Creating Effective Action Plan and Leading with Accountability are not available yet. So you can start with another three courses. The attached contains guidance that you can follow to access to the e-learning platform. And I have highlighted the important information in the file for you. Please carefully read it and start your learning as soon as possible.
2	char desr[256];
1	15: Chen Xiangjun.
1	Take data from the list attached and the one missing estimate it checking similar projects.
1	*Noon: 1pm - 10pm
1	Administrative Tasks:（30%）
2	。
1	Let me arrange it up with staff now,,
1	Tel: 1-212-521-1740
2	Hi,
1	Test steps coming soon.
1	mnt-by: MAINT-CN-CMCC
2	10) Connect the Apple device.
1	Sorry typo
1	4) Discuss production plan
1	Dave, are we getting textbooks next year? 'cause I'm keeping losing these things.
1	For this Month also we have the Policy for ASM.
1	It can warm my body
1	A:The interview is over,I’m sorry son,but you are late.
1	Can you send me 1 ppt with the R&D projects you have been working on?
1	CarPlay is shown on the screen. CarPlay audio is playing. 
1	4)      Which is the serial n. of machine shown on plate? Can you send me a picture of the machine plate?
1	20180405 Today's work: brain development and ultrasound diagnosis learning, salivary gland case sorting, head operation learning. Tomorrow's work: the etiology and diagnosis of intestinal tuberculosis and tuberculous pleurisy.
1	come    on    baby
2	Please do the payment of DHL. It's pending from last few months..
1	2) Set the accessory to display off mode.
1	Road Barrier
1	Thanks Rocky~ Will the warehouse be conitinue packing during Qingming holidays or they will resume work on the 8th?
1	18:00 PM weekly meeting
1	without
1	What is she doing? She is eating breakfast.
1	4. 3 Design: Spam
1	Marketing manager that is working alongside him to get branding initiatives going.  Moreover, I am handling the external affairs to connect with grassroots organizations for branding and partnerships that help with our branding and build our community impact.
3	Good luck
1	give me five
1	3- The First Leap Post.
1	For easier and more efficient learning, please take sometime today to read the handout and manuscripts.
1	Boai NKY actions:
1	Hardness
1	From: kashiwagi
1	my side still show the only one image.. need to wait a bit
1	Your presence fills my eyes with Your love, It humbles my heart, For You are everywhere.
1	To be confirm: Cma, Msc.
1	Three things to do: Target, method, improvement
1	3. Embassy fee and service fee
1	In terms of visibility
1	And only the port range 8000 ~ 8100 is allowed.
2	Let me know as soon as the new samples are ready for pick up.
1	DO -
1	There is one tiger.
1	Friends don't forget to bring an agreement afternoon.
1	2. 32IN need to order more.
1	Sustainable development management company.
1	Shou gan mian: 171.
1	Are u a member from new media group？
1	do you hhave the contract we used for Met Office (for the competition , not the NDA)
1	We are looking for cotton fabric with the following features: width is 150 cm, weight is 100 gsm and 120 gsm, light colors, printed (repeated print).
1	Sign in to your Play Console and submit the policy compliant update.
1	Then you can burn it early
1	Sorry for the late reply, but our Managing Director was out of office permanently, so I couldn't consult with him.
1	so we emphasize more with the function point then ?
1	Please see attachments for the top alterations based on your sample.
1	it's a joke
1	what about this?
1	I create this group for inform message and manage the project document.
2	18) Disconnect the device 
1	3)      I see in the pic we have given the PC with data collection system. Is this software also included in the backup you sent me? Which information can be stored in this system? I am curious because this info can be very good for advertisement to new potential customers
1	Yeah, Dave. She’s been here a week. Try to remember.
1	Hefei EF Notice on today 's suspension of classes
1	Who is the next tiger??
1	Verify that the accessory enables the Bonjour DirectLink optimization within 3 seconds.
1	come on
1	the sun ,the moon and you. The sun for the day
3	This is what I got from it. Hope it helps.
1	BUXIE
1	I hope everything will be good
1	Verify that the accessory uses all declared iAP functions (excluding Stop messages) claimed in its Identification Information over all supported iAP transports, e.g. USB, Bluetooth and CarPlay client.
1	Background audio is a critical feature of Didi merchant app . Audio is an important method to convey the messages about order status change .
1	as we need to deliver them today
1	What shall I do now
1	-Room Rate:   830RMB( Include ABF)
1	I have just requested Liao use both languages. The main is Chinese (bigger letters, in upper position) and second languages is English
1	ok, i think we had better to make training plan done before meet with IPS Mr Firdaus next week..
1	beethoven virus
1	5) End Call
1	HEAD OFFICE REGION ALE DE LOME
1	Zhjyuan310414
1	wow!   we need so much.but ...
1	1. next week by 2 of Total top execustives
1	7, 58 port: 7 points
1	a9ulki
1	Lazy, have you had breakfast yet?
1	Contract not found
1	4.       Your company’s business license and evidence of your ownership of the servers/currencies attacked; and
1	she doesnt have ding ding
1	Hi Wally/Kangnan,
2	Happy women's day to all MONTANARI  women's colleagues !
1	March 07, 2018
1	It's right.
1	4. On the 2nd also V9 Inner% was more tha 60% while in first two days the avg. is 65%.
1	083-083 【直选】后三  1期  891注  中(1)
2	Def more NYC than LA. Do you just mean stickers to put on their metro card in NY? I also love the keychain idea for Monkey
1	- Accessory Identification with VehicleInformationComponent and USBHostTransportComponent
1	This 48491 feedback4-03B yellow is the right answe
1	Why Local staff holiday, chinese staff no holiday
1	Dear Shirley,
1	2.today we start cleaning the old stock，the scheme and target already be made ，but now ，i need confirm some details about these two parts，so after some mins ，the scheme will send in this group
1	eng debug or user？
1	Verify that iOS music playback resumes have voice recognition session ends."
1	shape and cutting style. Round brilliant
1	Login device: Judy's iphone
1	You have any pics at combodia?
1	whete are GANJAM TSM doing
2	Good night
1	Laurence
1	Your name plate means lavel/tag whatever attached on the light. See attached photo.
1	Thanks much and greetings from Las Vegas
1	To my regret I must say the result is much worse than I expected.
1	Cold and Hot Switch: Yes
1	Easy to Clean
1	cross-linked unit ranges from about 35,000 to 20,000, de-
1	and PCB Height dimensions after assembly  with
1	Dear all, Please find this CAPA implementation, follow up form... Please prepare this form and give back by today.... this need to signed and kept along with the white as proof for tracking the CAPA ... Thank you for cooperation....
1	I will send more clear white area is light
2	Ok.. we will manage. But try to make second floor bathroom asap. Because we do not feel good without bath.
1	You’re not EARLY.
1	Queen
1	We asked for the color codes for the vehicle we will have in Egypt in order to arrange with the paint supplier in Egypt in order to receive the correct color codes from them to achieve the customer satisfaction from the first visit we did not get and they say no codes in china. .
1	That is key to attract ppl. Whilst the peddler was fun, there was no real hook to get ppl to try it? Swag is not enough to get ppl attracted
1	Unable to perceive the shape of You, I find You all around me.
1	Store: du ji ting. com.
1	Milled Carbon fiber
1	Others : 00/00
1	Dear but it feel happy when our bodies meet each other and we feel very comfortable
1	We also managed and directed the construction. That took 4 weeks.
1	•	Stress Management
1	3/ KKS export new enquiry and exhibition sales of our ecom export total solution...
1	0) Perform all scenarios in which the accessory Takes MainAudio or MainScreen
1	Sorry actually - can we change the booking to get a bigger room (80 ppl) ? Invitees list is bigger than expected. Thanks a lot !
1	no why
1	Nobody can restrict my growing, haha~~~
1	4. Let's discuss next Wednesday 5pm  #DATE/TIME#
1	if  possible  please  arrange the zuli  factory  sample  for  look after.How  different  look  from  us
2	Good evening everyone, we will have a contest of words translation, in the morning meeting tomorrow, the content is about human resource.Looking forward to your participation!
1	Yangjia,  last time because NIS pay 所得税是租金的10%.  If future I am personal, collecting rent on behalf of singapore company, how many % have to pay?  Pls double check ?
1	UV of Flashsale for PC, M-site & App respectivelty
1	Thanks, your support is much appreciated by us!
1	they seem to be having issues with de-bugging your fixtures.  They still can not dry cycle per my latest update this morning.  Can you guys find out whats going on, I want these to win
1	I understand its in alphabetical order from left to right with Fliggy and Visa HQ in middle
1	1.why no pre-booking？
3	Main audio with audioType: speech, audioType: telephony, and audioType: default, must include inputLatencyMicros and outputLatencyMicros
1	An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind
1	16) Wait 1 minute 
1	1 2nd day of this month replenishment task: 20000 Yuan
1	And for quiz - they dont have influencers, its regular buyers
1	Hi Mr. Frank, how are you doing?
1	Hi Fairy,
1	Does the flow chart illustrate the entire process from receiving through shipping, including outside processes and services?
1	Mandatory payment terms: 10% down payment for activation + 90% by L/C at sight.
1	Notice: We will have a training at 2:00 in the meeting room.
1	Can we please have copy paper delivered to 1-202?
1	Maduri Sani
1	35680766
1	We have to meet daily for Dongguan ffm Progress
1	1. Pop up store
1	Play less games and read more books
1	can you also share the other data you put together on shopee?
1	Clear Aperture: ≥ 31.0mm
1	Also I saw the media wall is a bit wrinkled, do you think it’ll get better on Thursday?
2	limit_peer:  "0"
1	ok
1	leakage
1	During production line including testing period, that coverage should not be taken off from unit. We should protect appearance & paint & frame
1	Withdrew the wrong one...
1	A banker lead process for selling the company. We are close to closing a banker to help with major strategics in the US and Asia who are interested in robotics, smart home, or business automation using smart devices. Introductions to Baidu, Tencent, and direct conversations with Netposa are all of interest.  For a choice of banker we are in discussions with American Growth Capital (AGC) and Credit Suisse.
1	Appeal Rejected Reason for rejection: I am sincerely sorry for your unsuccessful purchase experience. Regarding this dispute, we found there's no detailed evidence for the problem you mentioned when our Case Management Specialist handled this case. Besides, there is no video from you can prove the quality problems as well. As you know, it is hard for dispute team to help our buyers if the evidence is not supported. That's why we reminded you to provide the detailed video to verify your claim in the mail.
2	get it
1	Calling in sick must be using dingding
1	Can you send me the SOP on WeChat ASAP?
1	take care, Safe trip
1	Who can help to extract this?
1	6, the supervision of the 2 people, is led by the leaders of the district, with the interviewer 5 people, timing score 2 people do not know.
1	And your white paper also stamp
1	Others. 02
1	antennas or lower transmitter power for the same system
1	Where are you going to have dinner tonight?
1	Submit a diagram of the measurement setup including the length of the USB cable.
2	PowerSourceUpdate
1	2.c. Allen: Please measure and record the temperature of the parts right after they come out of the oven.
1	He buys two pairs with yours
1	Others -00
1	Office lobby, we need to find some map of intention today, or the style of last time, the owners hope to find more intention to communicate more details.
1	- iAP-over-USB (if wired CarPlay is supported)
1	Others Total-00
1	17 MATERIAL: SUS304 3/4H, 0.20MM THICK. MEASURE HARDNESS WHERE INDICATED
1	Dear customer, we monitored and found that at about 9:04 am on April 7, 2018, Beijing time, the Alibaba Cloud international site payment (including automatic renew and manual payment) cannot be normally paid. Currently Alibaba Cloud engineering is resolving this issue. We apologize for any inconvenience caused. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us any time.
1	A 10-inch pizza needs seven CARDS, a 12-inch pizza and a ten-point card
3	45 has become the house we have missed in those years,
1	And annotate carefully
1	Afternoon, i sent to Cynthia
1	adhesive coated panel.
1	You are a genius
1	Egg sales: 214
1	Auth then immediately cancel.
1	weapons
1	Your choices are half chance, so are everybody else's
1	Things were rocky.
1	I want everything
1	Apple Agent
3	Cumulative optimization quantity: 0 sets
1	We do have patching form shared to cabling team for LSW-ADNS connection, how come
1	20180224-6868
1	I'm keeping my cigars today.
1	Word guessing host:
1	Someone is still single, while someone else got married.
1	-sales pipeline?
1	convert-to-MP4 feature; this feature is quite flexible and
1	CLARIFYING MASK EX
1	Thanks again
1	preservation （keep-freshing）      sterilize
1	 Verify that chimes are crisp and free of any pops and clicks and that Siri tones are not clipped
1	Have a good day happy birthday dear congratulations Mr. Wu! Happy goose!
1	"0) While no other audio is active, play an alternate audio sound (turn-by-turn directions, SMS, Calendar, Mail notification, etc.) from the Apple device
1	I'd like to further understand
1	17:00-17:30:
1	This Sunday the foreign teacher from Jinyuan wants
1	Much thanks your kindness.
1	mark, this is our new SKU, which is this is would be the first image on SKU
2	Does anyone know who this person might be?
1	Yes he was very good and he was very attractive
1	Jagte rahana
1	I have t shirt and underwear
1	so please submit the very clear data
1	we have chinese bank account
1	besides, whether we make any special topic discussion today?
1	Verify that the vehicle alert is heard while iOS Music plays."
1	I'm your guardian
2	The accessory continues turn-by-turn guidance."
1	Great
1	0) Set a destination in Apple Maps
1	No brother. You are a brother. You should be the co owner.
1	1) Press the control in the Maps user interface displaying the text provided in the MapsDisplayName parameter in VehicleInformationComponent.
1	3.00 and collateral, moon, AC
1	Please provide information on both
1	I know that
1	The whole member of the participation, cannot be present in please report to director Li, thank you.
1	Sima driven Bismillah communication
1	when switching to farms expedition troops still 3/3.
1	2 days back one person came from alibaba to train us on dingtalk
1	cover
1	What do you think we can do this time ? %gmv from Flashsales
1	Fabric is rayon, it is not viscose
1	Thanks Julie for giving it to me!
1	Many thanks for your feedback.
1	v4.     05
1	Per person to 1.2 are as follows
1	Hey what medication do you need?
1	Delay
1	Good Morning Boss.
1	So you think I can still make my flight at 7.20. Already checked in.
1	I am glad to tell you that Alibaba has done some activities only for the United States.
1	1111
1	Should you need further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us.
1	I believe that the herd’s health comes from the wolves’ chasing.
1	Hi Alina, can you share the partnumber of the T2 lite matt white ?
1	read
1	Hungry sharks.
1	· a housing with a threaded part for installation
3	It's about having each tiny wish come true, or having something to eat when you are hungry or having someone's love when you need love.
1	I guess it comes down to a simple choice:get busy living or get busy dying.
1	Yes ,but it depends on situation in tomorrow morning.
1	sheet
1	22) Connect the Apple device
1	Dear All, some of the topic leaders have scheduled time with me or sent me the initial draft. Thanks for the effort to think about IT future
1	Under no circumstances any party may be deemed as a substitute employer, joint employer, or intermediary with respect to the other party’s personnel. Each of the Parties shall comply with any and all obligations arising from the labor relationships with their employees. Therefore, Parties release one another from any labor liability arising from the labor obligations of the other Party. .
1	A child of the King:
1	Hi Team, can we please all meet in front of lift at lobby B Tower now. Please bring with you 3 - 5 staffs from your dept.thank you! from GM
3	2) Find the CarPlay Control: Connect command issued by the accessory
1	iOS Applications for CarPlay
1	New year is on the 15th
1	socket
1	option
1	coke
1	Darkest hour
1	/ your work
1	CTU_Chris
1	Survey since morning printing Ludewa documens office we don have reputable and productive printer...!
1	Hi fet886,
1	Boss kindally tell me how many percentage if any dealer take stock after 60 thousnd
1	0) In the CarPlay Session view, see accessory’s Info Response > Session Response Details > model
1	Arailym
1	Yuliang explanation :
1	2) Master’s/Bachelor’s degree holders from universities in China or two years of full-time work experience preferred.
1	check it on your email also
1	Because  it  is  very urgent
1	ASIN:B075SDP4F9, B0786X56JQ
1	Yes. Under development. The rates by RuPost have been confirmed. Now lots of operational details.
1	Are there any stories similar as we are here  honey? Is it totally different from there in your country honey?
1	Allen , remember we must have all IT production planning prior to the IT meeting
1	Please check and advise which PI is related, and send me confirmation directly
1	Without the Rules
1	7. Do as the same operate for power source B.
1	just waiting for usman to come back , he used the car
1	I am Christy Calibo (L...
1	welcome
1	We save 10% time per rack by doing 20 instead of 22. Since delivery dates are within 30 days, we can save days on the backend by simply doing 20 instead of 22
2	5) Reconnect Apple device
1	I know,my period really bother me make me depress,especially the days before it come
1	really hard for us with the public logistic company
1	　　-W42.22　　  　　　x17node（HA）」
1	We take from the factory directly
2	Verify that limitedUIElements lists at least one of the following: “softKeyboard”, “musicLists”, “nonMusicLists”, "softPhoneKeypad", "japanMaps"
1	try me
1	We can put it to our link as well.
1	Users normally do not access dashboard directly, instead they are redirecting from the website.
1	Hi Mencius, I am at the AAOS meeting in New Orleans with Shane, Kevin and Max.
1	Obviously would prefer yes if we can have later submission date and sticker only active during the hours, but that is not the case. So ID is a no...
1	diameter), or
1	8. taboo: not found at present.
1	h) “THE AGENCY” agrees to execute the required agreements with third parties in order to comply with the purposes of this Agreement.
1	I want to thank our dancers!  I might be bias, but I think your dance is the most synchronised and professional of all.  Thank you for putting in many many hours of practice to give our audience a very good performance!
1	✨happy new year✨
1	For each command, verify no audio clipping, distorted audio, or artifacts in the speech output."
1	don't send
1	Check telephony HID events are sent while the CarPlay UI is not displayed."
1	So I will ask category guys pick out their hero deal to be featured.
1	G12
1	10028429
2	Asia World Expo
1	Co and co2 are s-module
1	who was last person to leave office yesterday
1	Dear all, I have two meetings tomorrow afternoon, one at 1:30 and the other one at 3:30, not sure when it will end. Therefore we do not have enough time for meeting tomorrow afternoon. Can we start at 12:30? Those who will attend the meeting please reply.
3	Today's premium car Source: 0
1	History is the rewinding of the dimension of time which the scene in an individual stationary of time
1	Hard to kiss the merchant to handle it?
1	There's a big pop with Advanced Micro Devices (AMD +6.4%) after takeover rumors circulate around trading desks.
2	，
1	5 entries have been passed
1	Yea
2	16) Connect the Apple device
1	 Verify changeModes command with appStateID=PhoneCall, state=YES and  appStateID=Speech, speechMode=Speaking.
1	I think we should publish a message to the users and tell them on the APP
1	Shop = mobile spot
1	If the accessory supports Telephony steering wheel controls for Flash or Hook Switch and Drop, verify that pressing the controls does not send requestUI commands.
1	Chinese is very easy
1	Actual SL growth rate of the day: 57.5;
1	mine is less info
1	Starbucks's vison: to establish Starbucks as the premier purveyor of the finest coffee in the world while maintaining our uncompromising principles while we grow
1	If the Apple device is disconnected while CarPlay is displayed on the car’s display, verify that the car gracefully falls to either the last screen displayed before entering CarPlay or to the main menu of the system.
1	Two people came from an exploration at a snow mountain. They were waiting at the camp, for the rescue team to save them. But seven days later, the rescue team came, and found that the two people were dead, one on the bed, the other lying on the ground. Outside the camp, there was a big hole on the ground.
2	Valid on Room heaters, Air Purifiers
1	Is the content specific?
1	7.  Attached the PINK SLIP or YELLOW SLIP photo in the last column.
1	I am still the only person who can sign contracts. As they must be checked. Thanks.
1	foolishness
1	If you are thinking of becoming a professional softball player....this ad is not for you.
1	Get exec log error, do not find step's log path, stepId: 1060732
1	just give us the username and password for the gmail. because we didn't memorize it
1	Senior partner
1	v. Have you ever deported, removed or otherwise required to leave any country, including Pakistan?
1	Let me check with Icky and Quennie later, they haven't come back
2	hello! it’s nice to meet you all!
1	2. The long payment cycle meets all the needs of your client
1	If the accessory supports touchpad with character recognition and the Apple device issues a hidSetInputMode command, verify that the accessory responds with the requested hidInputMode.
1	A1: 1
1	4.	Accompany? Group trip
1	1) Set the accessory’s Main Screen to CarPlay
1	Tender application on dingtalk.
1	hallo
1	Dear Sangshin,
2	We found that your app facilitates loan applications, but the seller and company names associated with your app do not reflect the financial institution in the app or its metadata, as required by Guideline 3.2.1(viii) of the App Store Review Guidelines.
1	Could u pls send me the name and address, thanks.
1	boyfriend
1	you are crazy you bitch
1	Kill King Kong？
1	Not 5 days in a role right?
1	a.      What is the working depth ?
1	I dont get your question, we just test it on our account no issue
1	Verify that main audio returns to previous volume level after alternate audio has completed.
1	New York, NY 10279
1	Application:Safty
1	Rokon
1	Otherwise it just be the excuse
2	Verify that EngineType within VehicleInformationComponent contains only ‘Gasoline’.
1	Dear Gianluca,
1	Ah it’s new but in quite isolated area. There is no big supermaket, movie theatre or services there
1	Best regards
1	The price will change before the end of this week
1	0) In the CarPlay Session view, see accessory’s Info Response > Session Response Details > deviceID
1	nice
1	Hello,We need 2 Buyers
1	Cumulative total amount of 11600 yuan this month
1	i want you
1	- Block works
1	Doctor gave me a rest , but I’ll be working from room .
1	Abby
1	Has a master sample, if required, been retained as part of the approval process?
1	Perfect
2	==> Will evaluate after P2, DRI-John Wu.
1	My  Dream
1	- We are receiving exceptional good rate from them due to our long term contract with them for shipments from Iran and other countries... They are offering us USD 40-45 per ton.
1	Wah, what is that icon
1	discovering new ways to make life healthier and better with our unique idea
1	peter said Vanilla caramel crunch also has the same issue
1	arm, leg, snake, dog, goose
1	1.Explain Pick up CPK process by email.
1	Thanks♪(･ω･)ﾉ
1	They were buying y53 and from market they get rate of 14500 i convince them that i will give you 4 types of warranty and gift and product will be genuine because it's  company outlet.
1	What data do you want to know?
1	But, I will return to Korea this Friday afternoon. So, I have to stay a day more in Hangzhou.
1	I am liu fang's family Zhao Shuxi, because it's less than 1901, before going into town for eight 10 points. receives please do reply, thank you for your hard work.
1	It kept trying to install and kept getting errors with no way for me to stop it.
1	*Y21L W=00*
1	secretgarden
1	Chenmu You
1	go to bed
1	You man in your life
1	sh-160
3	US agent replied us:  We would be able to use the warehouse, yes –
1	GtVmFUGTHV0+BWGiJpGvlyYsQ3X1hywNExI71q7utMHeS0gerw35t+9f0cB5hLw3dGspnWmLOsWt
1	They will always get their punishment at the end
2	He’s with you or not
1	Drunk
1	I can't answer ur question last night as I didn't qualify for any role.
1	The sun went in, and the breeze became cold.
1	account:  "r4rGFNQ5eyhoGXLSU7H79HJtK7oQJb4m6i"
1	I did the first half,
1	-        Description of my personal function in Translumina GmbH; Managing Director
1	The process of fabric is convenient for dyeing and printing directly.
1	2) How many Outputs for each power supply?
1	I love you, xiaomage.
1	C. Landlord shall not be liable for any interruption whatsoever in utility services due to fire, accident, strike, acts
1	If the driver can not take care the car, means the driver not doing well!
1	Dear Values Top Management and Colleagues, please kindly find the announcement as attached.
1	quartz window (51mm diameter)
1	Criterias:
1	Resolution	Resolved
1	j8I9b42clrlYPrJp0inSoAOQxtrRCIodMq4gI4P6BmEzhoJhJQgHz9wNXh+qFnhA
1	goodboy!
1	Rental is a cost-expenditure project, managements can be upon the 2--3 years the budget balance to decide. 2--3 year can consider relocation .
1	Here is an exciting news we would like to share with you! We've held a successful video conference with some players and our game designers on 11th January. In this meeting, Our designers gave out plenty of Hardcore strategies which we think would be very helpful for you:
1	Lupital
1	ESSENTIAL REJUVENATING EYE CREAM EX
1	4) Initiate a phone call in CarPlay
1	Dear Chingiz,good evening .This charge is application of GZ & SZ area, in order to make sales daily work management, the cost of the telephone recording system, we have no telephone recording system, the consultants of daily work was hard to monitor, telephone counseling training ascension also more trouble some time-consuming, with system can improve work efficiency, also can optimize training process and time. The total cost is 28,800 yuan, shenzhen 10800 yuan, guangzhou 18000 yuan, all are according to the EC number one configuration.
1	44.1 kHz, 16-bit stereo or 48 kHz, 16-bit stereo
1	An equal number of animal and human subjects.
1	p-32 K10Slope protection work safety training
1	we can't lose sales
1	Hair Closures For Women Who Suffer From Hair Loss
1	We will start our production with jewellery, following by other lifestyle products.
1	I love jungles but they're difficult to live in. There are often a lot of snakes and insects. Sometimes I sleep up a tree, and when it rains, it's horrible.
1	Kind regards,
1	🤩 House (house) Five o'clock P.M. 1/1
1	If the accessory does not support limitedUI, verify that limitedUI and limitedUIElements are not listed in the Info Response.
1	23：10/0
1	And below are some detailed explanations on each page:
1	Please be strict and self-discipline.
1	Built-in or integrated automated communication/feedback tools (templated emails and SMS)
1	Hello, can you tell me who is over the Newegg account? Thank you!
1	Covers: 30
1	Note: This requirement does not apply if the accessory shares a button for Siri and HID Flash.
1	1 On Little Load Fauntleroy
1	with uncle Gong for long
1	I love you, but I can't be with you.
1	auto guide vehicle
1	In addition to this, there has been a trend of delayed payments on behalf of your company, regardless of the payment scheme or the process that needs to be done on your end, the payments should have been received within one or two days, not a week. Payment delays are typically subject to penalty fees, how does your company view delayed payment for their goods provided?
2	Verify that the accessory’s transitions to the native UI with an entry point to CarPlay and the audio source stays unchanged.
1	03- 125638AA
1	TCP/IP Networking (OSI stack, DNS etc)
1	Verify that there is no declaration of an audio interface (bInterfaceClass as 0x01(Audio))
1	yes, its in process, Alex tomorrow will discuss it with WH
1	Hi team - anyone heard of customers being asked to download an app and confirm their location as part of their ICP application?
1	APPLE REGULATED SUBSTANCES SPECIFICATION AND TEST PLAN FOR MATERIALS WITH PROLONGED
1	Despite multiple reminders, we have not received any payment or update from your side.
1	userName=123&password: 123123
1	for(time=0;time<99999999;time++); system("color b");
1	Hello can I have 1 large pizza, please? I would like pepperoni, pineapple, green pepper, red pepper, black olives, mushrooms, and extra cheese.
1	Cannot see
2	Once smitten, one learns the power of love:
1	double sky
1	Ajay has the physical copy of invoices. And Ajay has already handed over all money to Ravi & You.
1	The next class is also in accordance with this method.
2	Team,  together we had came so far,  this year may have ended,  but I hope our journey will continue for many more years ahead. Journeys filled with satisfying works and fruitful efforts.
1	Our project does not use the network port, the network port design is reserved only
1	“THE AGENCY” will perform any “creative acts” and “services of production” and other similar materials, which will be charged to “THE CLIENT” at their net cost (such acts and services shall be required in written by “THE CLIENT”). Regarding inserts in the printed media, “THE AGENCY” will receive the commission directly from such media, which should, in any case, represent a higher cost for “THE CLIENT”.
1	Hot Work Permit
1	4- Following up the Mr kayasar and discuss about payment and next order.
1	so bad
1	Can I change my GGS subscription email?
1	"0) FM radio station is playing on the accessory.
1	take the present
1	FDC - 01
1	IS RESTRAINED ACCORDING TO FUNCTIONAL MATING CONDITIONS AS DEFINED BY THE
1	Roger, thank you for the manager.
1	success fortunes health
1	If the accessory refers to an Apple device, verify that the provided user friendly name (e.g.“Emily’s iPhone”) is used.
1	Noted, Kunkun, thanks, for your reminder, I will attend on time.
1	14) Wait 15 minutes or at least until the car is fully turned off
1	Verify that the active audio source is not playing.
1	Tomorrow will be our very first lesson of Coatings English Course.
1	Regarding the point you make below pertaining to Chinese distribution of Downsizing. Paramount does not own the international rights for the picture. Prior to production the international rights were sold to black bear production. Since paramount doesn’t own international, we have nothing to do with any decisions about how the film is distributed in any foreign market and we have no rights to have our logo on the picture. Consequently, I have no idea why anyone would suggest any wrongdoing on the part of paramount. If there is a Chinese distribution issue for the film, it should be taken up with Blackbear or their agent, we have nothing to do with it.
1	I will get the contacts so we can liaise directly with them
1	I just awared that Ms.Phua Cheking in at North Main registration,  Hans 韓劍威 holding their luggage. Counter bellperson told me that FO already spent half hour for C/I
1	we are family
1	Dear Lizzie, thanks for your feedback. We understand your point and we are glad to offer our support for the following operations after the design concept delivery.
1	I would like to share a new reporting template that you can use to share monthly data with FIN brand side. PV Map and Marketing Analysis parts can show the brand side the effectiveness of our platform marketing activities . I hope it is helpful.
1	Best Regards, ,
1	good  luck
1	8) Wait 1 minute
1	Hey Everyone. Loly will be sending an updated schedule at some point for this week as we need to spread out Alex's lessons to everyone. Ideally we would want support for Monday but even if some of you do want to work this day I'm worried that the lessons will be cancelled again so it is probably better to just share them out.
1	do you know how to read these brands?
1	CONSIGNEE
1	This is what you have
2	Three, the job requirements. One is the choice of material, each village write 800 words within the introduction, including the village situation, existing resources, can develop the project ideas and so on. The selected materials should eliminate the major leaders of the collective economic weak village and the leading group of leaders to sign and add the badge. Second, it is important to consider the promotion of the weak village to help to consider the rural big garden construction, agricultural industry development, and so on. the Planning Layout of Rural Revitalization Strategy, implementation of an organic unity. Third, the choice of material and electronic draft was sent to the city to remove collective economy weak village work in the morning of April 8 office.
1	and they can understand better ur request
1	carbon fiber
1	I just sent it to you
1	Let's not fall in love？
1	The Wall Street Journal first reported on Ant’s fundraising plan. If Ant gets its desired valuation, that would mark a major spike for an online behemoth valued at $75 billion just a few years ago by CLSA Ltd. Ant Financial and Temasek declined to comment.
1	That’s it. Grab your papers. I'll be in the launch if you wanna talk about it.
1	DogisgreetingandhoPethetsowedaysoon，weshallbetogether
1	Area of underground area: ca. 130 ㎡
1	Total defective orders: 5
1	Only Bruce area target not received.
1	You must be freaking tired
1	March 31 job objective:
1	1. 113.000
1	669.7975
1	A. require
2	dQE8_lE2IKXe
1	Already organised by Helen last year please organise shipping
1	2. Following up to collect successful stories for interviews and PR release
1	Can you estimate?
1	Hi, Hanice
1	•	Stationery (usb, envelopes, folders, labels, files, etc)
1	In March the sellers will be able to edit the promotion prices freely so would be great to already remove that limitation for local sellers
1	then .you will do better day by day
1	Guys, I have been talking a lot in US, and form up our us strategy, let’s do the plan together, as one team
1	Why should I be sad?
1	3 milk powder supplement completion rate: 0%
1	3 parts are considered as ppm-relevant
1	have two maam
1	so it's better to pay them by cheque
1	Hi Kimchi, as checked, due to count till 28th, only entitled 1 day AL, therefore, we deducted for 3 days instead, due to CNY holidays, and of course you still entitle AL count till your last day...
1	Sincerely hope we can supply you our film, which we think is absolutely a mutual beneficial choice for both side.
1	1. Failure to use the included Power Adapter may violate regulatory,
1	Hi Emily. unfortunately I do Chinese lessons on Tuesday, Thursday and Friday morning. therefore I am unable to cover the morning BS classes on those days
1	All staff, we are the service industry, the attitude of servicing is most important in this company, I hope all staff must be have good service attitude when you on duty and  have the positive attitude and willing to work diligently without supervision.
12	ohh
1	EndTime	8 Mar 2018, 14:32 (UTC +8, localtime)
1	Hit
1	so long as you are willing to work past the point where you have absolutely nothing left inside of you, that's perseverance
1	1.  CA179     05FEB   PEKMNL    1855 2340
1	Jerk Limit : 20 m/sec**3
1	Verify with ATS— Verify that the accessory sends the following changeModes commands with:
1	Wet
1	WHERE `item_type` = 'website' AND `user_id` = 5
1	I went to them and hold them , so they accept the cheque
1	 4) Receive a phone call with the Apple device
1	Good morning sir and all have a good day
1	1.	There will be a single primary point of contact from Customer (Customer Project Manager) during the project.  This contact will help coordinate selection and scheduling of all Customer Resources during the project
1	You can use some software or scripts
1	Lord, I Feel like a Nobody
1	- Which is the gap in MCC?  E.g. #1 we give restaurants a special rate and the MCC for the PID is hotels (but merchant is hotels) OR #2 we give restaurants a special rate and MCC is restaurant (but merchant is hotels)?
1	Dear All, sorry it is taking some more time. Our team is currently looking if it all fits our current online strategy. As we are refocusing this right now for Europe. For the mean time I do would like to thank you all for your work and time. And will come back to you once it the final strategy is set. Kindest regards!
1	i cant find anything diffeternt
2	1.Launch application
1	Note you will have to bear all consequence because of delay shipment, Checking with buyer subject below &  sharing as up-date.
1	Now we have much interesting 100% viscose rayon fabric in order to make summer bed cloth.
1	Do not use plastics in any of the following orally-or medically-related applications.
1	eHNfogjW2xs2aVSa6TVt2kloWOo8e8/A+LVsT4QHU6h9qsiduGtpg3FqjJkpW9G8
1	I hope to see you again soon :)
1	Boss due to some issues Mobile India is not focusing on OPPO this month talked with him and the issue will solved today
1	4. GDN banner
1	Boss today we lost dealer faith
1	holiday  or   work?
1	Today sale :1
1	Oh, no problem.
2	Capture moments like never before. Get your perfect shot in every moment with #vivo X21.
1	MD 180161
2	Please be advised that BorderGuru CEO, Malte Gosau, informed Cainiao's management team of this flight delay and we also sent out another email to Cainiao customer service yesterday.
1	I like you, because by nature.
1	I'll go stay at Jibin Hotel
1	Thank you for our inquiry about SMS verification.
1	V9 till date sale -
1	Cainiao EasyGo
2	26) Turn off the car 
1	Meetlady
1	Bernice Johnson Reagon,
1	Cheikh Bassirou Gueye Dk4178c. Loading 300pcs. The car just arrive to factory
1	What kind of beans do you want to eat
1	Add all people in the creative group
4	Verify via ATS that no Changed Modes commands are sent by the accessory.
1	Thanks all for supporting our luxury team campaign. very appreciate!
1	「 张楠 Nan :I need to ask if our boss can reimburse it?」
1	PNEUMATIC SYSTEMS
1	- Click Save
1	small edit made
1	Yintai project has been modified because of the plane, so the renderings are also adjusted. Some modifications are made by ourselves, and the local ones need you to draw the sketch tomorrow, and we hope you can reserve time tomorrow.
1	ah its not the ALiexpress collection
1	3) On the accessory start an UDP iperf server:
1	1) Run the vehicle so that the Low Fuel indicator is illuminated in the vehicle’s instrument cluster
1	Have measurement systems analysis been completed in accordance with customer requirements?
1	The actual achievement rate: 54.4;
1	is called out spring force as below,
1	Look forward to hear from you, at your earliest convenience.
1	Stock divided details will announced in this group as soon as possible.
1	Enter the appropriate letter for the type of sample to be used for the evaluation:
1	If we use same SIM card on a mobile phone (sony and iphone) we get 110 mbps
1	CPT:	1 hour
1	Ecological
1	good today our plan is to go home to pick up laptops and go down to the field to do my job.
1	his
1	I think this is a very powerful tools that had many function. But where shall we start? I though we start by using it for "task management" to replace wunderlist, right?
1	Dear TBM
1	Whatever,Go straight on now.you will see a building on the right of the way.but it’s not the end place.still go on.cross the N 4th ring Rd E.
2	Reserve price(fees may apply)You can set a hidden minimum selling price for your item - the lowest price you're willing to accept for your item. If the listing ends without any bids that reach this price, you don't have to sell the item. Learn more
1	****
1	If there are any kandy bookings, please call the hotel and double check with them because the Kandy city doesn't have internet, so they are unbale to reply to our emails
1	Change: 2
1	This is organized by Pierre and Eunice for Octopus
1	If the accessory implements warning/pop-up messages that requires direct user action, verify that if a message is displayed during a CarPlay session the accessory transitions to its native UI.
1	In anticipation, we suggest the following agenda:
1	5877650
1	i think they block contain at whassap
1	Wish you and your families enjoy a happy and lucky year of the DOG!
1	Hi ,  fellows. AFA supertendent. Mr. Justin Poupart will visit our campus from 13th March afternoon to 15th March,  his schedule during these days are still open for meetings or observings (except 14th 9:00~14:00, he will interview those Korean kids offcampus).    So please let me know your plan ASAP so I can put the schedule together.  Thank you!
1	0000019896
1	before u use it
1	John only company business ! Wigan ! Basle ! Are we up for the 3 ? Blue moon !
1	CM Telecom osr is the Kdm of that outlet and due to salary issue of osr he is not focusing that's why the owner is not focusing discussed with the dealer will start selling
1	you can do me
1	Area of ground: ca. 294 ㎡
1	I took a screenshot of the node map
1	Open-source system architecture
1	0000015040
1	Verify that the accessory sends the following requestSiri commands with one: requestSiri(pre-warm) when the push-to-talk button gets pressed. requestSiri(buttonUp) when the push-to-talk button gets released
1	Sorry guys! English corner postponed to tomorrow (Wednesday) lunch b/c of conference room conflict. Hope you can still join :)
1	5958827
1	"0) Setup Environment:
1	Dear Colleagues:
1	shui
1	For resources on creating great screenshots for the App Store, you may want to review the App Store Product Page information available on the Apple developer portal.
1	sandal
1	tasty
1	If you fail to report once more, someone from US will come and will shut you down.
1	Dear Cathy, thank you for your note on the new student on 3/7 at 20:00. I was planning to write you because I think the lesson today was a bit high for him. Previous students I've worked with on that exact lesson could communicate with me more about it. He had trouble understanding the story. He could read the words, but had trouble understanding some simple questions I asked about it. I wonder if he needs a lower level class with more visual support. Many thanks!
1	3. I would like to ask you to closely review any potential risk for our proposal before the meeting
1	pls double Share back.
1	think that in the presentation will be people from different areas
1	I can not download DingDing as I do not have enought memory on my phone.  Can I still come to the party?  Is anyone else in the same position?
1	TITLE
1	Cause some info above is not so clear, let me explain and let’s separate this mail into 2 parts.
1	What does it feel like
1	a. ALL GEOMETRY IS DEFINED BY 3D MODEL.
1	u are the best  as long as  u  have a try
1	no rush, GIlen
1	the individual can not meet the requirements of the company and is dismissed.
1	502   12
1	Shuanghu square April 9, 2018
1	We have loads of evidence, there's no way he is legit
1	R4vxP00DheJyYtpadmGOJ6u2AjdSTeXiz7zP/IU1WcjXEOrTizWJ6bjFEbZ46oeS
1	I will try on the mermaid romper and take a picture on my baby. And I will also give you feedback on the bubble rompers that will arrive soon.
1	But isn't that the deal day? I mean is there official history?
1	Can you paste order details here? And email?
1	I applied for Dingding PC version long time ago. But hasn’t been proceeded.
2	、
1	customer brought 3d2d wardrobe and the 2 parts on the side on the drawers are the same. So he want to exchange another parts to complet  the drawer
1	The following user registration information has been entered into the registration database:
1	7. There are three sides: There are three.
1	A on ur social media
1	5883119
1	Repeat for all CarPlay mapped buttons or surfaces, including steering wheel controls"
1	NOTICE OF API 2018 MONOGRAM ANNUAL BILLING
1	be positive
1	4) Connect the Apple device
1	i,ll never let go
1	This is it
1	Hi team, this item has over 100 likes.. when will it be available? thanks..
1	of course啦~
1	Via ATS, verify that the accessory requests to borrow main audio with transfer priority - user-initiated and unborrow constraint - user-initiated and also set the app state
1	so you wait me
1	Never mind
1	Please tell me your name and phone number. I'll send it to you.
1	Ben
1	Chun, you are great
1	Open meeting
1	my character is this
1	While some of us work past 2am EVERYDAY this week, some times go beyond 5am or 6, please give me a reason why you can leave around 9pm and come to the office post 11am?
2	Verify that main audio is borrowed by the Apple device for the duration of the call.  Main Audio is returned to the accessory at the end of the call and FM audio playback continues.
1	calculation route of the Keysight Technologies NFA series
2	About elected provincial state-owned enterprise pairing support
1	Preheat the decorative tedlar laminate to a temperature that allows the
1	2, be sure to give the patient the harm of the disease to speak in place
1	How about 2018 a red one?
1	direct
1	If the accessory supports Route Guidance, verify that at least RouteGuidanceDisplayComponent is populated correctly
1	6090591
1	The man is a child's teacher and he is hiking home across the mountain to visit a home that has not been able to come to school. This process also takes several hours, and the local temperature has dropped to minus 12 degrees
2	Dear all, attached is our TABLE TALKER Artwork for our furniture collection. Along with a specification sheet, which will be useful for dealers to know. Eg: size, paper type to print on, how to display etc.
1	Little Woods Montessori 9:30am
1	I trust this mail finds you well.
1	Part Description
1	we take the big case to protect them
1	Hello Sam and Devin,
1	4000187988
1	TOTAL
1	Change again. 06:00 To go to midtown Shangri-la hotel. OK?
1	2.Discussed with Morocco customer ,he asked for new quotation for 1000 rolls , quoted him EXW price. Here also the payment is problem ,customer paid the balance amount but we did not receive yet.Normally for D/P payment it will take 10 days to credit in our account, so I think first of next week will go to our bank and check the status of this payment.
1	Dear colleagues, may I please ask you to make sure that your  phone number is set to VISIBLE, in order to facilitate invitations to different groups that will be created for the projects we are working on? Thank you
1	the label location as above picture
1	Please make an introduction
1	In the future there is a key holder in the flight deck where the keys belong.
1	yourhighness
1	And according to this the owner , service & warranty manual should be modified with the schedule we agreed on for both the two type of vehicle we will have in Egypt in the English and the Arabic editions.
1	hold up
2	nanyang is singapore?
1	Hi, are you free now?
1	Vulcan Daily Meeting Minutes with AME Jamie 1/9
1	MEAA Contact Person:
1	Thereisn't time, so brief is life, for bickerings, apologies,
1	Hair to [Henan Luohe Transit Department ], if the weather is not resistant to factors may be slightly delayed, excuse me oh!
1	And when will be the gold clipboard arrive?
1	Please proceed with your performance
1	it was a tear which happens when you drag the box while shifting
1	The power of 11.11 still being advertised on Etihad at Paris Airport.
1	1,Multilayer sandbox and monitoring with the same technology that supports secure offline analysis for Alibaba Group.
1	Watch your language
1	917467
1	I quit 。
1	Aug 18
1	Problem inCalibration.
1	she said 1 something can flight
1	Your app's binary did not include:
1	2. Broadcast passive Tariff table to both meter with broadcast command and HDLC
1	LTs, plz remember to send graduation date and new course starting time messages to parents.
1	I go to work by bus
1	Thanks and I'm sorry to bother you so much...
1	Right now i am at cuttack. Not able to commute as in Link road no vehicle is going. Burning of Tyre .
1	mind-renewal thought
1	2. A copy of your Finance Permit issued from the local finance governing authority (金融许可证).
1	Did you eat well?
1	JB  1) how  hiring lately?   I'd like to know details... like inteviewed but not good,  arranged but no show, or ....    Hiring is important
1	•Go back to the demo page
1	OK,if any work need to government,ask sakthi or ammar to do it if possible
1	this product and your company catalogue for this product to our sales manager Mr. Tan in Asia through this below email 
1	Yunjing changed something when we go over it with him
1	Thank you so much！
1	I think the headmaster was touched by her "never-give-up" spirit. In our life, if we meet difficulties, we should never give up.
1	ocean
1	Dear sir or madam:
1	3.	Cancellation of the flight ________ many passengers to spend the night at the airport.
2	4) Connect an Apple CarPlay enabled device and verify that a CarPlay session begins.
1	Thanks for contacting me
1	Be sure to have breakfast
2	Thank you
1	how about other outlets
1	Visually verify —
1	A. hated 		B. liked			C. heard			D. needed
1	Staff: Dean
1	A bing doesn't feel a bit of a manager, doesn't grow up. He's like a salesman.
1	The task
1	Any question?
1	I'm not unhappy.
1	JUST A MOMENT
1	Dear Wilson
1	2.Can login with test account
1	(iv) We will convey your request to our client to check whether any of the names at B9-B11 correspond to any of the addresses, transactions or accounts listed elsewhere in the subpoena.
1	Ok, because the driver has to go to the airport.
1	For the project A88, do we need to consider a new machine of 650 2k or is development team modifying the mould in order to use a 550Tn?
1	Allen , pls ask shaw to mark calendars
1	will arrange for you later
1	分配工作：
2	23) Turn on the car and reverse to engage the backup camera 
2	Recontract Rate (Class Base): 80%
1	"Don't listen to the sound of the forest. Ho-ho and Xu Xing. Bamboo stick mango shoes light winning horse, who is afraid? A smoke rain Ren Ping Sheng !"
1	all of this i will ask from the finance department , because ammar asked the bank her in free zone
1	Measurement
1	||1||1||132
1	And anyone who wants to post announcement in this general group chat has to seek my approval first ya...
1	do NOT let them use that General group to discuss how we work!!!!!
1	c.	SEO
1	hi sorry sharup, there is update on old 2d target plan
1	Take line measure
1	3. Do not touch any valve or switch in the workshop
2	In the accessory’s Info Response message, verify that the accessory specifies the audio latencies it uses for audio streams, audio types, and audio formats.
1	I would like to check Journals about larger topics. Most of the journals in the list focus on ecology. I think we should have a look about technology, sustainable development, etc. in the field of environment.
1	Advantage: Rough sale, already zhuang hao hydropower, fang dao wang, can read and settle, Nanning second exhibition center, mature area, the surrounding beer and skittles full of everything! The owners sincerely sell the property!
1	Actually, I have some changes to make, regarding this document
1	Screenshots：
1	Engineer of automatization of production
1	Date -31-03-2018
1	For the devices ending with 226 & 223 new certs were sent and you should have received a notification already. For 226 it was already processed.  For 224 I still see no changes.
1	iperf -V -s -u
1	beantiful
1	Do we assume correctly that the program of the first three days is divided so that in the morning students and teachers will be together, and in the afternoon students will have a separate program with host families and teachers with school representatives?
1	Reiterating that:
1	thank you，my little angle
1	unrestricted
1	I received the gimbal and when tilting it twists the camera taking a diagonal plane. I have calibrated it several times both online and offline but it remains the same, so I would like to replace the article.
1	You say huge crowd of people you are afraid of what to be alone when you walk around, I mean, it's not like you're gonna do it ~~
1	Verify that the iOS turn-by-turn directions stop, and native GPS/navigation turn-by-turn continues."
1	Hello!
1	What does this do?
1	2. Meet Seattle sales and operation staff
1	- the final quotation is a cap price of lump sum and SG reserves the right to go through the BOQ with the selected vendor to remove the unnecessary works (if any) from the quotation before agreement signed.
1	Will Bring laptop back home eat something, then continue.
1	if not, we can do discuss on this.
1	How about you.how to spend your holiday?
1	Tracy ,
2	It is to be fined his or her wages
1	We regret to inform you that the Dolphin Adventure program has been fully booked on 06 Apr 2018.
1	we are looking for tecel linging fabric, please see the attachment, could you please contact me by grace160318, and h-yp1123 (phil). 
1	imiss you
1	What namyang requested is to check whether there is any undercut structure in cover design.
1	int i,j,e;
1	earn
1	Jugrel local companies includes (6.5%):
1	2. The newest cosmetic spec and waiver list approved by PAL.
1	Life insurance: 0.
1	Need to replace old fountain pump. Looking for multicoloured led light. So one bulb which changes in different colours.  The present pump specification label reads “ HK 200 LED
1	Thanks let me see the flight time first pls... I need to be in HK latest noon time so I can still go see my customer.. thanks
1	So she waiting for you email, once get your instruction will transfer
1	hongbao ne
1	good evening sir..
1	and the num lock and scroll lock. the 1 same size as the P on the key next to it.
1	- 2440x1220x18mm poplar plywood wih 2 faces white HPL 0.6mm (8mm is the finished thickness of the panel
1	Once we get bank statement of suntek , we will check whether all tax has been actually paid or not.
1	Apr/13 = 08 pcs
1	Ouch.. actually no! Sorry, still waiting. I will send a reminder.
1	this is one example. there are 46 slides total. I figure you could use about 10 of them. They are in a "keynote" presentation. You could look it over and just delete excess ones. While you are telling the story, I can flip the slides for you in the background.
1	BorderGuru CustomerCare
1	HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES. A CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE IS
1	JHCD&EF AB stage is coming, Please provide the readiness of Small parts as soon as possible .The details as follow, Thanks.
1	Chief information officer
1	The company has the newest tecnology and very engaged young team of engineers.
1	Hurricane Daily Share: The flower that bloom in the adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all .
1	the device you supply us and on the engineering lab before stating that the meters are faulty.
1	u can drive your car back here
1	I am sorry, Allen. I forgot to punch out. ☺️
1	What can I do for you
1	3) Wait until the Apple device sends the disableBluetooth() command.
1	The totem Rowan work daily.
1	Agoda Customer Experience Group
1	For the kids
1	You confirmed this list will be done by you
1	policy
1	Exterior Hull below Waterline
1	It's wonderful to have you
1	JV's law firm: Fried Frank and our internal counsel Barbara Ma along with NY finance team are reviewing the documents.  Feel free to let us know your comments and feedback as well.  Thanks!
1	Thank you Dr. David LEE for your heart felt sharing and teaching!
1	B. O., it is estimated that you never dream, my husband and I to rest at the noon hour afternoon time while, writing to you, because Miao reminds me women's day, the first response is pre-I wish you 38 section to be happy, happy! Winter to spring, spring March scenery as attractive as, the view of wind, rain, flowers bloom and fade, sigh life phenomena, caprice. The flight of time, so many years have past, ah, we have been together for six years, how many ideal setting for a couple in love romantic Swan goose, the Customs, how many of the kiss of my bed ta fan teng feng flow, 120608. A long-established plan, think the surprise, a memorable heart, hips don't lie impulse, let us closer to each other, people over, happy infinite imagination and lie. Thirty years ago, in the victory of the fishery fortuitous time, I met a young and beautiful memorable you ,, thirty years after a perfect plan encounter flipped, can't self-restraint, can't control and Monk could interiors long-term savings that impulse and passion, it is a heart and heart collision and blend, it is a body and body forget my indulgence, A full-body inner Travel + Leisure, it is a perfect dream, we're in this collision wonderful process of enjoying a great fun happy, in this seemingly imaginary and people charmed intoxicated with the artistic conception, to get each other required that the inner body hidden long comfort and satisfaction, to search for that may have been long lost happiness, that passion, moving, the release of the internal repression, true indulgence, and looking into a no bound freedom of self, we're not going to want to be in the future what are some of the results, it is now just now happy with each other, more important is, and, in the process, we Kai hands together, loving couple from the Office to the factory from the hemp field to eat it Hall, from traveling to shopping mall, from the theater to the movie theater, from the tea room to alter, from the car to the bed, each other is enjoying the happiness, get what they want, share each other the most sincere share the joy of the emotion. Like many people sit on this train to go to travel, as important is not the final can go to what the destination, and care about all the way along the beautiful scenery, and in the way that passion is full, relax, relaxed mood, look for is a kind of infinite happy and free mood and feel .... This year, my work is very busy, the day before yesterday, drank too much wine after me in your arm, again lay into you wen xin flowers on the bed, you rich creamy's arms, in the deep love you snort, in your gentle touch, we have the pleasure of the and singing we used to sing the song of songs, rolling up and down, feel just like a fish in water, such as swallows Twitter, like snowflakes, flowing, like autumn insects singing, Xia Yu Xiaoxiao, and then, and then ...... Enron dream!
1	These questions have been feedback several times in the mail, please reply as soon as possible
1	Bleed Air Precooler Exchanger
1	special spring holiday
1	All I need to know is a plan on a) how much inbound volume we expect b) increase in sales. Rest can be handled. We just finalized the overflow warehouse partner today and will go live with a new overflow warehouse by 1st may.
1	So what do we eat tonight?
1	Let us verify the assumptions by comparing standard 85.
1	Hello,
1	test ing
1	Verify that the time it takes for the audio to pause and that there is no excessive delay compared to the on-device pause time.
1	Just supply fuck
1	the cheapest in Indonesia, still more expensive than china... in indonesia, the more quantity we order, the cheaper we get
1	1) Pause Audio
1	cope that
1	or any days which already more than 14 days
1	Yesterday training team go spotcheck, all fail. ❌
1	Wen Ting is taking subway so it'll be troublesome for her...do you know who else is driving home tonight?
1	airport station
1	But you never see me
2	Hi Hailu, are you back from vacation break yet? Deborah asked me to check in with you for help to set up an account for us to input the candidates we sent to her. Will you be able to help?
1	Confirmation: verify that confirmations after messages and navigation work as expected 
1	If you choose to trust the voice, you might still stand a chance to live.
1	2. 3 Performance: Accurate Metadata
1	I took a leave yesterday, but I want to work on any of the weekends to earn compensatory off... Please suggest.
1	Training ready:
1	Who can guess?
1	January 29, 2018 c space work summary:
1	0
1	in private, domestic environments only and not for commercial
1	Career Day creates a critical link between the classroom and the workplace by allowing students to explore a field of interest and preparing them to make informed educational and career choices in the future.
1	Thank you Ariel, including me for CIM visibility.
1	In my primary school when I have seen peer pressure.
1	2. Create shipment in Fedex. (or later IP)
1	- Click on "Features" to create new in-app purchases
1	I create this group to inform any news from Ecuador.
1	2) Start Siri from the Apple device
1	I checked the batches of G37S04 since the milling renovations and there are two batches which give me concern. Batch MSL171208002 having Dv90 of 120 microns and batch MSL171218005 havind Dv90 of 53 microns. These two batch are well out of the normal range of materials send in 2017.
1	notification
1	hi eason, Eliezer here. can I check, is chubbs our customer in hk/Macau?
1	To the other, it doesn’t respond to the ping, even assigning DHCP.
1	But there are no a single qustion I have already preapared in the examination.
1	2, gsearch was publishing new version at that time.
1	1) Look for “USB Role Switch”
1	have you put me down for more than 80 sessions for this following month?
2	Emirates
1	and the last time you said, we cancel buy carton box in indonesia
1	you are my favorite
2	Hi Ravi, please initiate the handover process with the landlord. After they they return you the deposit or security money, please return it to FADA and then FADA will depost again based on the new contract. Thanks! Meanwhile, I think March will be similar to January and February.
1	o        USBx_ID can be left unconnected
1	1.1.6 - Include false information, features, or misleading metadata.
1	Notes
1	make a better world！nice！great~
1	Alumnus – Graduation Year: ____
1	complicated( ) ways. Popularity is important to most teens, and a lack of it can be very upsetting (
1	Hua remains grounded by the obstacles he has overcome to get to where he is today. “When we started we had no money and it’s through loyal customers and great relationships that Ag-Vison has grown,” he shares.
1	Package and delivery department
1	2.  ANDY WARHOL/PELE   SHOOT BALL  
1	WEGU GmbH Schwingungsdämpfung 
1	Thank you so much for your support.
2	motivational words
1	My working is increasing dy by day.
1	Session Termination
1	南姐Warmest wishes that your birthday holds nothing but the best. The finest things in life today and every day!
1	Steven. I am a medium size
2	Best Regards
1	Thank you for providing us with the requested information!
1	Date of Clock: 2018.02.11. com.
1	Can you to put in March
1	probability
1	and regarding the 5 more devices for wangtalang, when will GHL go to install the them? thx!
1	If I tell you I had one before
1	Until now, no feedback.If Afshin can't shoot this trouble.We will resend a new one
1	"If the display uses hi-fidelity touch, verify that the user perceived end-to-end latency does not exceed 140 ms. 
1	trace
1	It was a usage spike , and all the racks are back to normal averaging 26, will keep an eye on them
1	A screenshot of the page is sent over and I'll take a look
1	It is a little bit difficult, I need more 3 days to modify the details and change the photos.
1	Guideline 3.1.2 - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
1	$.messager.alert("系统提示","请选择老人后再查看服务项目确认表！");
1	You are not in the mood for preparing examination.
1	m sending you the request
1	"User-level testing while observing ATS—
1	We were changed flight ticket 15:10.
1	In a statement, American Chemistry Council president and CEO Cal Dooley said that U.S. chemical manufacturers "believe the principles of free and fair trade should apply to all members of the [World Trade Organization], and that includes China."
1	2. A cigarette port can be installed in place of one of the USB ports, correct?
1	Leopard
1	Bruce lee
1	Dear all SingMeng team I would like confirm that payroll is done with your account in ABA & BOC Back (Tax on salary 4018R) if all of you have any concerns about payroll & need your pay-slip please email or Digtalk to me I welcome to reply your request .
1	7) Verify that audio Type “Main High Audio” is only claimed as supported by Wireless CarPlay implementations. "
1	Yes, I would belive the same Tracking/Data Warehouse mentioned that data post migration needs to be verified in the morning once they have their team available.
1	For the most part, people apologize and move on when I tell them they have the wrong address.
1	do we do compression molding? I think this is outsourced. 」
1	3. voice Note.
1	Grab on my waist and put that body on me
1	Main Screen: (unborrow) "
1	Age Group:Newborn,baby,kids,adult
1	The elevator or corridor encounter local people to take time for, natural and elegant, do not sneaking.
1	Why don't you ask someone else
1	hurry up
1	Architecture
1	330-50
2	-Brian
1	Bass it’s ok
1	Height is a hard wound.
2	Work
1	2) Accept the incoming call from the accessory.
1	I will add Erica, Candice and Holly to this group - they are my colleagues from International PR who will also help. We spoke with Jet earlier this week and have made some proposals to him which we are developing and can share here.
1	If not, what other options do we have to solve this problem?
2	thank you
1	1.2 Pipeline Monthly Review (which should include 二期市场 updates) (EIU?, FC ?, RG?, CMF no need)
1	A. you  		B. your  		C. yours  		D. he
1	15 minutes early, before you go out, remember to clean up your cell phone information, pictures and recordings, be sure to do a macro-simulation work before you start.
1	And in the future we will offer more better service for customer
1	d)	?
1	Hi guys, I will take a leave from 9 to 23. My work is organized as follows:
1	thanks a lot guys!
1	d)	Monitoring of media in other cities;
1	Wish you have good trip to Spain,
1	News Briefing：2018.01.09
1	FYI
3	you are flattering me
1	Ok , i will introduce the service manager to Shine and Ammar. So that they can get idea about it
2	Dear All，According to the planed the process water supply well be stoped from this morning and replace the new pumps。
2	as a snowdrop!
1	BJDC86816172
1	F3 PLUS:(00/00)00.00%
1	Ask Jin for a favor and remake him a hangar
1	----第一点， 视频是砸锁那个吗？ 你名片后面的是单系统。第2点， Our  WE.LOCK Double-engine System smart door lock solved one big problem of smartlock inductry: How to do if smartlock power off? What shall I do if smartlock damaged by burglar or naughty kids?  Our double-engine smartlock
1	The estimation monthly supply shall be 1000/sx.
1	已经处理
1	Date -03-03-2018
1	Do you have a tracking number for the latest samples yet?
1	these means a lot of money comes
1	MaxAfterManeuverRoadNameLength
1	But the problem is the molding of the shower box will arrive in port on Fabruary 11 and estimated will arrive in the factory on February 17th
1	Appreciate all your wishes. Wish u the same 😏😏
1	3) Front of House staff - They will need to start the habit of communicating with customers. EG... Handing out chit sheets to the customer, they will need to tell customers "today's lobster price is xxx, crab price is xxx".
1	What does he/ she look like?
1	Fiber Glass Needle Mat
1	say english，please
2	6) Turn off the car 
1	Boss need approval from you.
1	In and at the same time as (all evil capitalist) Sisters, or other people who are smaller than their own, the last thing you like to hear is that you are the older sister (or older brother ), to give up your sister (or brother), when your things are robbed and destroyed, when you want to lose your temper with him, you'll have this word in your ear, when your book (or painting), being robbed and painted full of color, that's what you're going to say in your ear,You can control it, you only have your own temper.You can change, you can only protect your own things and not be found.In unfair treatment, you can only protect your own things without being discovered by them, or just tell the family, that's what I need to learn.
2	Stand  with smile,A flower on the face.happy everyone for Mar 8!
1	+ pierre here, sorry didn't notice you were not in the group
1	This is something we need to harmonize.. As this issue is affecting the GxP assessment steps.. Resulting in them asking that we change our assessment
1	A heart of self～deny
1	5b 134
1	🐷Happy New year🐶🐶🐶
1	many thx
1	If the accessory supports native voice recognition, verify that while an on-board VR session is active, the accessory does not send requestSiri commands.
1	Receive an incoming call on the CarPlay device.
1	thanks mia :)
1	Jeg vil bestille deg i morgen
1	6 - ability to develop large programs and systems from scratch. Understanding of low level details and internals. Ability to design / deploy most large, distributed systems from scratch.
1	can you go to medicine shop around you?
3	Thank you for your response.
2	Wow I can’t imagine time has gone this fast,it was just yesterday when we joined this great family and things have never been the same again. Am proud to be part of the pioneers who are working day and night to put Mingtribe in the international map.Thanks to everyone in the family who have made an impact in my life in one way or the other. Happy anniversary to us
1	Redefining communication & collaboration
1	1. Quick Action 2. Result oriented 3. Learning Type Organization 4. Culture Fusion
1	Ok. it's clear on me
1	Verify that if talking about location information sharing, data being sent to Apple is not mentioned. (Data is used by Apple device to enhance the CarPlay experience, but it is not sent to Apple.)
1	I only change for big problem ,,,small problem I will touch up and ask them accept or waiting for new arrive later
1	All,
1	Hey Silver!!! Yeah long time no see. How are you doing?
1	Do you accept the Commission: Yes?
1	Until we begin discussing the issue, we can't begin to provide them with any troubleshooting help. If we do, then they could just not pay us and never speak to us again.
1	If it is historical files, I don't think we have it for the newest jurisdictions right?
1	Our relation is very pure and beautiful
1	troops
1	envious, jealous and hateful ！
1	Be still working at, has never given up
1	The idea. 50
2	How do you feel now ?
1	The Kaplan-Meier plot of PFS shows a clear separation of curves for Xeloda/cisplatin after the first month and this trend continues until month 13 when only a few patients were left in the risk sets. The comparison of the hazard ratio (HR) limit of 1.25 shown here is a more rigorous test than that vs. the limit of 1.4, and shows a clear difference that is statistically significant (p=0.0008) based on the per protocol analysis of non-inferiority.
1	so we print in bundle , distribute to dealers..
1	Please be more precise. Thank you.
1	2.	Introduce equipment and lab
1	Our school is one of most famous schools here.
1	Sink
1	Wan Daluo-hyun Lv Chunfen.
1	The FAV is equipped with a test port which serves to perform an "in situ" test. A manual override serves to close the valve mechanically on the ground. Two microswitches in the valve signal the full open and full closed positions of the butterfly. A thermal fuse installed on the valve body closes the valve if the nacelle temperature reaches 450 plus or minus 25 deg.C (45 deg.F).
1	Movement:
1	Verify that RangeWarning within VehicleStatusUpdate is set to True.
1	like you too
1	Copyright © 2016, Texas Instruments Incorporated
1	tomorrow is work day。go to company before 9 am。
1	493+150
1	You are a bird
1	My co worker Sebastian mentioned to you that the correct way to fix this problem is to remove the affected SKUs and relist them after 24 hours. This will not create a new listing, this will simply refresh the information of an already existing listing, this is understanding listing as an ASIN.
1	-Specs on the e-bike - what materials are used, more about the electric battery and range, how many speeds on the bike, etc.
1	Please just foud out
1	The container was brought to Cal Cartage for USDA exam. Thank You and as soon as I get back to LA, I will settle and send you the payment.
1	Well, I believe you.
1	(b) Safety devices and indications
1	20) Wait 1 minute 
1	400-106-5858
1	2. Featured Brands-Waterfall --> New Balance OK, pending Adidas
1	All the GK mail users are humbly required to delete unwanted mails from all the folders permanently to maintain enough disk space.
1	F7 sold out at mobile zone
1	​S.S.Mani
1	effort
1	In the school before school, my leg was broken in a PE class. And that time I felt really bad. But my teacher didn’t allow me have a rest or break. At that time I don’t know what should I do. And I thought I will be a disable. And after class, he called my parents. And my parents took me into the hospital. But he didn’t follow me. When I was in hospital, a lot of people visited me. But he didn’t come. Of course he didn’t  want to give me some gift or money to compensation me. So I think that is really not fair. But I can’t change anything about him as I know. But I can change myself. So I’m here, I can leave him, and I can Optimistic about everything.
1	Fwd: manual for ZRK missing info
1	4 in 1 Screwdriver
1	yes   I brought her laptop home tonight
1	yesterday i wear
1	For now we can all stand down
1	Please write a letter to explain why you are unable to provide any employment reference
1	OD Coil Max 1750mm
1	Each frame should produce a new picture.
1	-        Purpose of travel (business cooperation), locations (Shanghai, Hangzhou), travel-in date, travel-out date
1	Location - People Park Western Park
1	actual as plan can get page uv 580000+
1	- for the coloring part: 4 different sheets of paper with 4 habitats (forest, ocean, farm, tree) - one for each child, animal cutouts (panda, lion, shark, dolphin, sheep, chicken, bird) - children need to stick them on the right habitat and color everything.
1	My Pleasure
1	Nothing  is impossible  sir we do best
1	Hello, Zhongxing Road shop March 7 turnover 6902 yuan, total of 69 Table 118 people, per capita 57.04 yuan. March 1 --- March 7 always months revenue 77,273.00, open source road March 7 revenue 8965, total 75 table 156 people, per capita 51.47 yuan. March 1-December March 7 total revenue 83.386.00 yuan
1	I've arranged for different people to support Jiangpu. Just like this
1	Hi Xu Kai:
1	It is only five degrees! Today is very cold! You need more clothes  than before
1	远洋捕捞渔船 has been successfully created, any communications within organization can be raised directly without adding friends first.
1	i asked for a detailed list of what was in the STB carton, this box was both poorly packaged and opened by customs, we have some damaged items and the count of items does not match the"14" said on the comercial invoice.
1	I'm only brave when I have to be.Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble.
1	So 9 in 1 is possible right
1	i  don't  like  blake
1	You were sat down at Eddy’s price
1	Summer leisure corrected a font thick bottom word drag slo
1	Singing a funny name song with coach Ian to help remember each other’s names
1	Forges Ahead” due?
1	First day in Helsinki. Our Alipay Ambassadors arrived in Finland’s capital and took taxi to hotel, experienced restaurant lunch, tasting & story of popular typical Finnish soup. Media followed and also documented interviews with key merchants and partners. Also press interview with Lähitaksi in preparation for joined announcement later this month.
3	Verify no errors are seen in ATS > CarPlay Session view
1	we don't need the receipt format anymore for we use transfer now
1	3. The comment for the attendance: the employee name or the ID, date, attendance comment (on leave or biz-trip or out meeting, etc..)
1	We must to conclude the SRM phase 4 asap.
1	better u can sort out how to send a unshipped list
1	2. They said they will pay after clearing the issue..
1	2. weighing difference: 2 kg
1	Eduard Wolfowitz.
1	Now we have the following presentation schedules regarding the next several months. And our colleague Qiong is also the secretary of the PhD group meeting, who will contact everyone to confirm the details before each presentation, update our schedule and release the related notices. You are welcome to send any related questions here, we are pleased to solve it together.
1	1 is the bed tension.
1	Txns P2P-IN: 7 / 3
1	cic19880
1	good for you is to sell and have alot of profit now
1	2. Updates
1	data_dict = {}
1	Dean of Love Confession Acceptance and Financial Aid
1	If the user is looking at the main menu, verify that the CarPlay icon is shown and when the user selects it, CarPlay is shown. Verify that iOS music is playing through the car speakers. 
1	Accessory’s UI is shown on the Main Screen. The user starts Siri using steering wheel button or the Home button on the Apple device. The user asks Siri to launch Maps.
1	2) Exit to the accessory UI by pressing the OEM icon (if supported).
1	WE FINISH CLASS AT 1 O,CLOC
1	Coloration and causation
1	2) My impression is that William should go back to Shanghai that night since he has other meetings the next morning in Shanghai. However, I would like to understand what the team has in mind regarding staying in Nanjing vs. going back to Shanghai? Are other team members going back to Shanghai that night too?
3	Note:
1	Sharing in sometime
1	I want the parameters for the test set to the following conditions. Do not attempt to go by the temperature reading at the control panel of the oven, the only relevant temp. reading comes from the thermometers installed at the backside of the oven.
1	It is right but u can not submit without feeding i had to put jus a figure because i dont know.
1	Got it,thanks for reminders
1	The English word for you today is the English word.Marathon.，split,tutor,no doubt,clarify
1	Concern: OFO, Netflix 4months, and Uber activation link
1	And it is easy for small distributors to cooperate with FBL model.
1	Base Frequency
1	This blew me away. Especially when I noticed that the inside of the cab matched the outside. Spotlessly clean!
1	Vulcan Daily Meeting Minutes with AME Jamie 1/10
1	yes,it is right.
1	yes, this size is required in India
1	hei man！ English used 66666
1	Italian customer question: Hi, I bought an YI Discovery 4K Action Camera. I would like to know how long it takes to charge the battery? It is already a couple of hours that the red LED remains fixed
1	sudo apt-get  install  build-essential
1	Michaels old company bill 反排液處理about rmb175-200 perM3. Include 40% gross profit mark up.
1	Still waiting
1	Knob Support (Multi-axis Controller)
2	We cover level3C now
1	so ga si nai
1	truth
1	you are bitch
1	Go on  !
1	Lundary
1	Public School Product & Service Group
1	Everyone in the group is dawei's little brother
1	We have to fix a meeting with the tax advising agency
1	The accessory is on a phone call using a second phone connected using Bluetooth and the user connects an Apple device which is also on an active phone call
1	None
1	Same old creatives but new dimension
1	• Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
1	Yes I have it now, thank you so much
1	Claude Soula, reporter from L'Obs we know quite well, will be travelling across China and he will be in:
1	Please let me know the dim issue qty  in GA and Huade seperately.
1	Book a flight from Chicago to Reno. That is the easiest way.
7	Verify via ATS that no requestUI commands are sent by the accessory.
1	Neural network-based solutions are becoming increasingly popular for embedded machine learning applications.
1	If the cpv-3inr the landing rate is40%   The final cpm is around 8-10inr
1	1. introduction 2.Lamp Lighting 3. Guest introduction+ 3 principal introduction 4.guest speech 5. ISV speech 6. Principal speech 7. Certificate provision 8. Thanks Giving 9. Lunch/Dinner
1	Not hard...
1	Kindly advise us whether Form E (certificate of country origin) is needed.
1	so。where are you
1	Valid till 15th Dec
2	Below I use English to say the blessing language to wish everybody to open a bill at an early date completes own magnificent great cause also to wish Xing the general company to make the bigger early listing
1	Note: RequestSiri(prewarm) to requestSiri(buttonDown) must be 600ms or less, and audio setup request to setup response must be 100ms or less. So, requestSiri(prewarm) to setup response must be 700ms or less.
1	Yes that’s right. I can do the demo. Can you reschedule the other classes?
1	Deal
1	Lower your prices!
1	Verify that all required Bonjour Service Keys are provided.
1	sampl’es obtained in fractionation. Complete evaluation
1	Okay but tell them no guarantee first
2	So he is familiar with vancomycin production and also sterile manufacturing.
1	之前从前线输入过来的一份数据，是客户在AWS上的ES使用情况。
1	1000-1010 Welcome & Introductions
1	The junctions
1	For the safety of students, Tennis afterschool program pick-up location will be changed to Tennis court in Shekou Sport Center. Thanks for your cooperation.
1	About your request to change the cover our R&D was check.
1	If the user is looking at the main menu, verify that the CarPlay icon is shown and when the user selects it, CarPlay is shown.  Repeat over multiple user actions"
1	2-plinth area,
1	you  not can  you  down
1	Stock available - 29
1	1: The company weekly Department attendance detail to the various groups, hope to check in time,
1	I'm really mortified with this situation.
1	mach  no
1	I notice that results do not meet spec, Noise figure and gain are too high, and cross pole is too low. Is there any plan to improve the design to meet spec, or do you need UK recommendations to change the design?
1	Would you like to have a drink with me
1	the salary, I am thing get you a bank card once you are in China.
1	Can you send in pdf with WeChat ?
1	f) “THE AGENCY” shall hold harmless and indemnify “THE CLIENT” for any damages caused to “THE CLIENT” due to any supplier mistake and/or the performance of the services subject to this Agreement, including services provided by third parties that were engaged by “THE AGENCY”.
1	To make rework quicker:
1	Our eight years (2019、01、18) :
1	stock
1	I’ve spoken briefly to CEO this morning, and further with Secretary; they are checking with their legal how they can facilitate this discussion without breaking covenants to TPG.  They do privately want to meet / speak with us, and will come back soon with options
3	Verify with ATS —
1	The following employees please see HR-ER tomorrow:
1	please remove me from this chat? I don't believe I have any topics to discuss
1	I'm Kelly. I eleven years old .I wake up at eight o'clock in the morning. Do homework at nine. I have lunch at eleven. Two o'clock I listening to music or reading .Ihave dinner at six o'clock.I go to bed at nine. This is my short-term holiday. My short vacation was great! I love my short vacation!
1	revised version
1	but two people have requested support from tron for people in India worried about the bank ban on crypto. So I shared in case you think it is best to issue a statement
1	5870396
1	that's OK ,shall we have a dinner today?
1	For FT: Third month make decision if he/she pass the integration or NOT.
1	less is more
2	Passage 6
1	Time: 20: 00-22:00
2	The wheel of history is rolling forward, and tomorrow will let you witness the great Wei Dynasty
1	4. products are carefully & delicately packed.
1	Wipe cache partition when KS is on.
1	- IN480-2 Accessory for transmission
1	Flour 2 Bags, Water 4 Cases, Tomato Sauce 5 Boxes and Mirinda Orange 3 Cases
1	3. Glasses with bubbles near the glass rim is DANGEROUS for my customers!
1	All of us should have an international view~
1	I think our marketing was trying to reach you about that.
1	Everything I did that day
1	Please ignore the previous one and find the updated. Thank you.
1	Logistics : （35%）
1	we can directly add slides directly after the former ones, right?
1	Qin Shuaixi for ten days, can not pull into the nail-studded group.
2	If these batches are still at the factory, I would suggest that they are remilled to the MS fine powder grade. We have now optimized the milling conditions to give a reproducible PSD so future production of G37S04 should be much more stable. I would rather not take the chance of possibly generating a complaint from the customer. They are starting to buy significants amount of MSL and this was a specific concern they raised during my meeting with them in November 2017.
1	maybe   we  can  go  shui liao  or   big   bao jian
1	I will not attend the new parents meeting tomorrow night
1	Kindly ensure all blankets and sheets, pillows have been cleaned and are on the jet. Thanks
1	That's ridiculous
1	3) Ask Siri to ""Open Maps""
1	111
1	Daisy plz send class opening message to parents
1	pre-advise is ok from Greatlink.
1	Ok I can do this class too. The demo and the class
1	Dear Peter：
1	Because we have a lot of products, I hope you can only choose to like it.
1	Dear all myFirst Sketch samples are ready please send to your customers ya
1	i will do it throughout the day
1	If you can't find the email I sent to you, this is the decoded results. :)
1	is there any special hashtag to use for this event?
1	Verify that the ringtone is heard and music playback continues after the call has ended.
1	o no have
1	await for your revised pic as example
1	I will be giving a brief talk about the performance analysis tools I have been working on, it is on Friday at 14:00 in the large training room near the pingpong room(币学堂).
1	- Verify that for each secondary display the following values correctly describe how many characters are available to display information
2	Best Regards,
1	so that once we got the passport we can apply directly
1	Training and qualification
2	Via ATS, verify that audioLatencies reported Info Response are not greater than 35 ms."
1	okok,i wrong
1	6. What is your responsibility in such case? Is such responsibility stated clearly in the Terms & Conditions?
1	first : black metal and lighting
1	The consolidated list can be translated to English, all these must be communicated between DG and you, so if you need in English, please sought help from Francis as he is the one to request replacement parts from you.
1	All the goods are assigned to the store and must be sold and activated.
1	Specifically, we noticed that your app produced an error after launch.
1	A bridge round from current investors. The bridge will be to support the company through a transition to a segment focused strategy and a resulting B round, or a sale of the company.
1	sleep earlier. Good for health。晚安
1	Considering it’s an event and the timeline will not move I’m not happy about the speed of some things that are happening. Specifically:
2	Repeat all the following tests for each of the buttons that launch Siri.
1	Please send missing 5 pages printing sheet ASAP.
1	Frank Park, General Chair
1	The share certificate and the cheque of refund for pink form applicants will be available for collection tomorrow morning. You may come to my office from 11.00am to 12.15pm for collection. If the proposed time does not suit you, you may come during other time when I am in office. For those not at Central, Regina may arrange the details with you.
1	packing 1pc per pp.bag 300pcs pwr carton 39*39*40cm 10kg
4	1, for the supplier wrong batches, a group of order product color wrong, lead to the buyer received not the right product. That we contact the supplier and rigorous debate negotiations, the problematic products go back, at this time the ship before strict inspection, they have to check our products by one of the cases (product SKU, model, the color and size) to prevent any errors, strictly to the final step.
1	Our job is easy and simple, pick up and deliver, if need us collect money from the buyer, that is ok. We only responsible for the delivery on time and collect money according to the amount. We don’t do other things for the shop! Especially, we don’t follow order from the shop to pick up one side and deliver to the other.
1	Haha it should I think. It’s the best way for seller to get visibility in front of hundreds of thousands of customers
1	User-level testing while observing ATS—
1	Verify with ATS— 
1	stocking？
1	Training time: 9: 30-13:30
1	I'm in the process of setting up a new Tea-brand in The Netherlands: Yalda Herbs, a selection of quality herbal tea flavours that I'm importing from my home-country Iran. (logistical trail & contractal agreements with my suppliers are all sorted. In the meantime we are busy fine-tuning marketing & promotional materials. We're also in search for a reliable partner for packing the teabags, based in the information I found on yourI would like to receive a proposal for foil sachets based on these specifications:
1	-Business time front to the top !!!
1	8600 type
1	Thanks for saying this, that you'll wait. It's one of the things i love about u.
1	Good good study,day day up
1	No, you answered, we don't hate you.
1	I feel she is lost and lonely
1	0) Connect an Apple device to the accessory.
1	Miss your hugs
1	200006310	170102
1	Hello Ms Su and happy new year.
1	367
1	Here are the listings that were removed:
1	Basic
1	Forever
1	9) Turn off the car
1	Maybe the places that have not been to have been called the Far Away, the people who don't be had are more memorable.
3	thanks
1	Max load: 150 kg
2	She was pretty angry
2	It’s similar content to before. But it now stands alone as separate from the other classes.
1	These fights
1	for the catalogue, we can use high version of pdf format
1	19) Turn off the car 
2	This gentlemen failed 109 parcels
1	already via FTP owncloud right?
1	Compressed air dryer
1	so there's no readily available document that shows which product listings a keyword will be linked to
1	Thank you, I just landed
1	No new issue on the bike quality from deployed bikes.
2	you say i love you
1	On average, 50 percent of apps are reviewed in 24 hours and over 90 percent are reviewed in 48 hours. Once we've completed the review, your app's status will be updated and you will be notified.
1	Put on the campus everywhere
1	Numbers remain the same, but i am missing phone numbers in dim_lzd_usr
1	which one do you want to choose.
1	Square back plate width and height: 68 mm
1	not have face
1	When I drink some red wine, I always feel that my body turning hot. At this time, my black lace transparent pajamas, will be soaked slightly by my little sweat. I like to take off my stockings at this time, and even with my thong, it will all fade away. Perhaps, this time you see, is my slightly drunk appearance. I need a hug, hold me tightly in your body, hug me, take me to our bed.
1	Glutamine: White crystals or crystalline powder. Soluble in water; practically insoluble in alcohol and in ether.
1	Below, you can see an example of the right and not right color treatment
1	Correct message is follows,
1	do  u want make love?
1	for the winter camp. so excited
1	Verify that the accessory wakes up for calls / Siri and returns to CarPlay.
2	Yes he asked your phone number... I already gave him.
1	To-Be: 8:00 ~ 17:00 (working hour estimated 5.5 hour at vendor hub)
1	For Brendan, did Daren send the message to him that we talked about this morning
1	This is to inform that the cool off period of our celebrity agreement with Ranveer Singh will end by 20th April.
1	Zhou Weijian, what are you doing?
1	do we have any EPI, D2W and P-Life "平口袋" sample in XG factory???
1	enough
1	Madarin Fish, Shrimp, Bamboo, Ham, Beef, Onion, Bell Pepper, Chilli, Roasted chichen, Cilantro, Cucumber, Mushroom, Scallop, pork, cherry tomato, baby Chinese cabbage, Spring Roll, Garlic, Dragon fruit, Watermelon, Honey Melon, Grape, Carrot, Fried rice, Egg,
1	Thanks for asking Jason.. But it's enough now..
1	4000580988
1	Xian: Pure Milk
1	I hope everything will get better
1	I think we should just go out
1	If you have a point that you want to bring up and add to the agenda, just tell me about it. (This is in effect from now on, so not just for this meeting, but for all our meetings from now on. Please feel free to bring something up when you have something on your mind!)
1	Hi Snowy for. SJ4-A2- 160508/I
1	Same airline?
1	Do detail arrangements after 3 days later said that early heavy, are all the same 5 a little pig, the data are as follows: powerful early Carat Total weight 136 pounds, nine 146.5 pounds. Transition After are used for the whole pack of the material.
1	Detailed enquiry:
1	Air Drone :
1	Hueber, mr.huang & lee will be responsible for company construction and culture building, shukuru work on project acquiring with me to get company stable.
1	thank you very much for the quick proposal.
1	we need to disscuss this more
1	If you need to leave, please arrange your class so that other teachers can help you.
1	LFV2A28V8G5009133
1	Talk with her more and open her mind not to be feeling lonely
1	2) Press any steering wheel Telephony controls that accept/end a phone call (i.e. Flash or Hook Switch and Drop) while the device is not on a phone call
1	Verify changeModes command with appStateID=Speech, speechMode=None is seen."
1	storage
1	Hereto, the invitation letter shall specify the following:
1	we have always said the little customers who become big he fake keeps them.
1	Ten thousand coins for a cask of wine, with many a laugh and quip.
1	cumulus
1	Again all holes will be fixed in the USA at the job site. Production should resume in the morning now that direction has been set. Any objections or suggestions? speak now. 
4	Thank You
1	Your husband like to make sure everything is done correctly.
1	I am going to reject your proposal
1	This system is so hard too slow to recognize and all is written in chinese
1	Please try our best to clean up trash and organize a little bit as well in US44-A, US44-B, and US68, since Ali big boss will be coming to look at it.
1	1) Place a phone call via the CarPlay accessory
1	continuous improved
1	[Likes] the lion is yelling, the Iron Army is fighting, we are fighting! 👊
1	you  are a  university  student
1	If u can convince me.
1	It’s a elaborate and great work . For the design , I’m no problem  ! Good job
1	We are deeply sorry for the inconvenience caused to you  .
1	# We should kill the Thaipost tickets. Not sure what relevant information they can give us
1	Responsibility
1	2:30 ~ 4:00 spoke to the new boss.
1	4) Connect the Apple device.
1	Management System
1	Long lasting, low power consumption
1	If this is a very serious situation you need to investigate
1	Sure. I'll be ready by that time
1	We will now complete the step of submitting the applications online and follow up with you shortly regarding the next step which involves submitting birth certificates and marriage certificate (which we already have) and an Affidavit of Financial support along with supporting financial evidence (which we will need from you).
1	everyone will make sure there is no bread before ordering
1	I was not following the pose estimation project. Which model are we working with? CPM for multiple person? Looks like we need a detection bounding box, which is not required in CPM muti-person
1	I don't need someone else
1	5. LENGTH TOLERANCE: 十/ -  6. 0 mm
1	Shoes & Accessories
1	Verify that EngineType within VehicleInformationComponent contains only ‘Diesel’ and ‘Electric’.
1	FAQ
1	please show me the list.
2	We'll have a receptionist on Saturday now (Janice) so there should not be any unsupervised time anymore.
1	2	Makes a product useful
1	Bocar is take care of it
2	Dear  Herr Balzer,
1	WZ: Business shi feng h025461
1	Acute room: 8/1
1	Nanning: apple, pear, dragon fruit
1	hello anybody home?
1	Hi, I'm selena, and I've been working in the PaPaGarden for the fourth week!
1	we just got on lunch break now, if need, can have a call with Chen together (our depo resumes at 1pm and need answers to the 3 questions posted in this group)
1	HV HARDESS MEASURMENTS ACC. TO ISO 6507-1
1	It doesn't matter.
1	6) Disconnect the device
1	This one right?
1	– A link to the terms of use
1	And mention our attendance at BPD in New York
1	Verify that telephony meta data is not used in the display where CarPlay is shown.
1	HILTON
1	Qiandeng Town, Kunshan, Jiangsu, China
1	Hey Nini, my Tuesday class needs to be rescheduled because I'm doing something else for firstleap that day.
1	NTST Forestry Machine Manufacture Installation Co., LTD.
1	please find A83 OTC Status till 11.15 AM(8th Mar'18)
1	Submitting apps designed to mislead or harm customers or evade the review process may result in the termination of your Apple Developer Program account. Review the Terms & Conditions of the Apple Developer Program to learn more about our policies regarding termination.
1	Walk out the safe house , go straight about 1350m, then turn right walk about 350m, then turn left about 350m,finally turn right walk 350m .
1	Anyway, let's figure out later.
1	Please remind me in the county city to remind the old dream that my demolition compensation is not in place.
1	who is the appropriate person to help is take care of this?
1	Could you fix “shadow shocks” again? I changed my laptop
1	+998 93 5231551 wechat / whatsapp
1	So they can see the potential of developping applications for sellers
1	Tell me about something，I'll alaways be with you
1	What time will come over?
1	OK. we put it just on top
1	OK, when you have a minute, please come over so I show you the receipt and you can confirm date and time too.
1	客户的问题是：What is the internal process from your end to control the quality to the data in your database?
1	cart
1	Your negative impact is very serious, and at the same time I gave you an opportunity to explain, but you did not tell me the truth
1	Our company provides a full range of quality services in the sphere of lighting. 
1	J2 PRO: 00/01
1	i will re-write the document using the format as you say, and save it to the sever, then i will send a letter to you, thanks for your guidence. I will try my best to familiar with our work way, sorry for making troubles to you.
1	Our current HDI/drivers are not detecting the wireless adapter on the latest shipment of devices.
1	👉F7 uses the latest version of AI beauty Technology and is the patent owner of it. But V9 uses the AI from Oppo and is only used in Camera part. But oppo has used the AI tech in the total phone.
1	he ask to send him [ Certificate of free marketing in the country of origin and / or provenance of products exported to Algeria ] .
1	Well received with many thanks
1	"1) Generate vehicle noise as used in BGN Scenarios 1-4 in ITU-T tests.
1	You are so awesome
1	Bean sprouts: 5 copies
1	*V7+(G)=00*
1	Given where we are on sales, we are looking at more focused strategies in some key market segments.  We are looking at segments where users are significantly more engaged with Jibo, or who can use the robot’s capabilities to solve a particular business need.
1	10.其他海关查验，商检查验费用实报实销
1	If you have any foreign friends who are very keen on teaching young learners English, please don't hesitate to invite them to join Keyword Education. Vacancies are available in new and established centers across the city. Very big bonus is provided to you and your referrals.
1	and this is a longer version
1	Hi all. whats the result on K1 end to end test?
1	Do you know who QC FS deals ?
1	In his case, use back the 4 input video selector from China manufacturer that Xiao Hu had tested.
1	celebrate the first English corner，and neglect the big facce！
1	Please update bowl with G logo.
1	Lucy, this is fine, but we need to know about kitchen equipment, buffet display pieces (large bowls, platters, serving utensils etc... and also for the service side, plates, forks, cups, etc....
1	This is updated , I like the 4 colors up
1	For the 9 boxes plates, we charge $867 in total, i charge her $5.7 for each plate, now the plates are already in her place, and she asked me for $610 for 80 pcs as the shipping cost, that means each one for $6.1, it isn't resonable.
2	Verify that the accessory sends a requestUI() command.
1	BLOSSOM
1	So? What are you trying to say, man?
1	Thank you.
1	“THE CLIENT” shall authorize in written, before the corresponding expenses are carried out by “THE AGENCY”, regarding the following items :
1	where when who
2	Once the temperature of meter no.3 is stable at 200°C +/-2°, proceed as follows:
1	1. correctly grasp the actual money flow
1	ZKu9pDw8GpHLHNQZn4HN/U0lyfu7n06tCI7NJGEWOOSlZD0lRBbxnzt+GNNqmzR4
1	jd_6e51368c0579c	d20458s04
1	Shantou warehouse is in holiday
1	Thank Simon! The company cherish and rewards every fellow workers that go together with, and devote their energy to the development of the company.
1	I will go to HZB School on Wednesday morning. If there have any question,feel free communicate with me.
1	can you start it today?
1	viviworkshard
1	Thanks for your inquiry.
1	EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
1	if a foreign teacher has a spare bag they will puyt it in the downstairs for someone else to use
1	Verify that Music, Phone, Siri and alternate audio volumes levels are managed separately.
1	miss daly city!
1	1) resultStatus "U" & resultCode = "SYSTEM_ERROR"
1	no no no you already very help us..!!
1	B, promotion, the total: $0]
1	Find a suitable factory
1	It was my mistake, and I'm sorry. I started Facebook, I run it, and I'm responsible for what happens here.
1	My name is Van. I'm an artist. I'm a performance artist. I am hired for people to prefill thier fantasy. The Deep Dark Fantasy.
1	Y79 sales: 0.
1	the packaging is very good.
1	We found an arrangment for transportation so there is no need for you to order us transportation :).
1	we are putting many posts into Newsfeed sticky.
1	"Connect an Apple device to the accessory.
1	2.1 1th ~4th digits
1	There are a lot of people on Saturday
1	All please take noted
1	1.8.        C30 reflector has some heat deform for the reflector ,The same situation as MBN391 .Need change PC material for reflector
5	"Verify with ATS—
1	if you need
1	Tomorrow I no have lunch
1	do you have dream?
1	add oil
1	•  Has made stern comments about various hot topics in black America – separatism, dependency, paranoia (he is against all three)
1	iperf -V -c fe80::0202:b3ff:fe1e:8329%ncm0 -u -b 50m -l 1448
1	From n1B罗王磊，to 许一铭，now n1A汪俊燃，i couldn't say it has nothing to do with me.and yes  like you  said  you been  cleanup this mess a lot  which you don't have to do. I thank you for this  but also,From these three, the last case.i thought i should have known earlier.but the first time when you asked if he is my student. I    Did not know what is it about.
1	115507
1	Will speed up GST
1	Each invoice rendered by Coupa shall include a reasonably detailed summary of the fees and reimbursable expenses. Customer shall pay each invoice issued by Coupa within thirty (30) calendar days after the invoice date. If full payment is not received by the due date, a late payment penalty of 2% of the amount past due will be assessed.Customer shall pay any and all applicable taxes incurred as a result of or otherwise in connection with the purchase of the Services.
1	Vivian is another ba team leader. She is very reliable for me. Everyone should learn from her.
1	Look good, if I was there , where would you like me to touch and kiss u?
1	Thank you for your LiveChat conversation.
1	Achieved Overseas wishes.
1	49: Aegean Sea.
1	If you want other details, you can consult me.
1	Thanks guys, we treasure each of the colleagues worked and fighted together with us,  I respect those who still care about Regi! Recently the board of directors gave a lot positive signal to Regi, in this brand new spring, in the life growing spring, even little bit cold, we should know we have walked out of winter and once you sow the seed in spring, you'll get harvest in autumn.
1	Called and left a message
1	What is he doing? He is swimming.
1	服装服饰 -> 配件 -> 女鞋 -> 高跟鞋(11253)
1	I have persuaded a top scientist to apply: Hoi-Kwong Lo
1	agree
1	It’s 37 pallets in total
1	yes，madam
1	I have downloaded update of manual for zrk, generally speaking it looks very complete, but I still have some questions:
1	7. Liao Yifeng.
1	Waiting for your any reply.
1	SWI03(1%)   : 57
1	i wish i know how to quit you
1	You should follow the OTC rate of A83   according to the below category for the month of April’18
1	I remembered once on a flight from Guiyang to Wenzhou, I was serving beverages. I asked a man what kind of drink does he want? He hesitated for a while, then he said: Can I have a taste of all of them?  I was very surprised by his request. But I got more surprised when I saw him drink all of the beverages.
1	you konw.
1	200006493	011002
1	Because everyone goals are different
1	是的  for example，im so handsome but actually im is the best handsome man
1	7- Following up the Mr kyaib Khouri ALAIN.
1	Appraisers: Zhang Shidi
1	even that as well only one was punched but it accidentally printed 2 lemon juice 750mls
1	athymic
1	Time - 6.00 pm to 9.00 pm
1	I have a lot of fun with this app and it's free and unfettered
1	Sorry, I can't seem to find the attachment to the email you sent on Wed 28 March
2	Hi, do you have a minute?
1	Surface exquisite polished,  packaged well to avoid the crush and damaged edge.
1	Precast Concrete
1	Who has the scissors from my room?
1	PH; 954-534-4699
2	Will do. But most will arrive at their own time. Should be able to have a direct and accurate translation at an international school.
1	If linepay is not available anymore, they should clear it
1	The second session on Friday is music 2. We had this last week didn’t we???
1	B.Because many customers asked for such a machine.
1	aaaah now
1	Concern 3: Change hole sizes to be the same between layers, approved. As Kirsten mentioned in her earlier DFM, hole sizes should be 4.2mm for the larger holes and 2.25mm for any smaller holes circled.
1	there is instruction sheet i gave you last time, please use them
1	3. resolve
1	MORAL: The poor may not fear a change of masters in the way that the rich do.
1	My Wilderness has made
1	I want to get the wiring diagram from the supplier
1	Please don’t use user preferences algorithm for breaking news
1	Not sure if you notice the invitation or not, please join the meeting
1	I like green with love and hope
1	A few weeks ago the Balboa heater short circuited. The electrician says it had a small leak in one of the electrical connectors.
1	This is the same problem we encountered in Europe, Europe has a similar network called Janet, we have to connect the Janet at first
1	Visiting merchant types today: all categories.
2	Can you purify mineral in the soil from the Nickel Mining ?
1	bb
1	Verify that if one user starts performing speech recognition, the other entity stops its speech recognition process (i.e. onboard speech recognition is running -> start iOS Siri).
1	You idiot
1	Jams (One strawberry, one chocolate)
1	Not yet. This month is probationary period. May be later. We agree it at 0.5% contract value right?
2	Accessory Test System
1	one question about "users monitoring this issue: user list" field
1	Plus extra month
1	Michael,please give to me  buy materials for yop site,SDV295.
1	btw, this line is to be filled with the amount that the client will pay for the first time recently . is it correct?
1	5. 2.3 Legal: Intellectual Property - Audio/Video Downloading
1	WRNMMMP
1	Look lot difference, is yarn using same?
1	anybody else？
1	this one - i want to make it mutual...
2	This is only a job. You can sale your voice and answers .If they are angry ，It‘s not your fault .
1	done
1	1016634
1	But trust me on the sunscreen
4	Main Screen: (unborrow)
1	PPS: System.Security.Cryptography not the fastest
1	Juday
1	To get this fixed we need to have some team work
1	all the ASM ，please contact  with DB ，today，we need more than 80%  of A83 OTC
2	Electroplating Handle Curling Wand
1	- StartRouteGuidanceUpdates
1	3) End the phone call
1	because all statement like that need to be checked by our legal team
1	receive with thanks.
1	Very odd
1	big project
1	Communications
1	Are you talking with respect to the give away for ipl?
1	i'm surprise to see you here. i just stopped by to say hello. how's life with you.  how are you about these days?
1	Thanks.
1	Everyone pay attention to this future launch date problem.   It happens a few times.
1	Can your Answer?
1	Butter chicken looks good
1	We have flights very early Friday from Fuzhou to Beijing and connecting back to Chicago the same day.  So it will be a very quick visit to Fuzhou.
1	In one ignition cycle, verify that the user can connect and disconnect the Apple device multiple times and a CarPlay session always starts.
1	Now I'm bit busy at Jafza. So after completing this work I will update you in detail. Thank you!
1	The 2F office printer is not working, some one could please follow-up for the rectification.
1	Summary of the supervision of the Wentai district Zhang Ting
1	Ok, got it, thanks, Leny.
1	you may only  be  a person  in  the  world.
1	Falling for u is the best and craziest thing ever happened to me
1	0) Verify with ATS—
1	ACCOUNT ADDRESS:  P.O.BOX 1239，OFFSHORE INCORPORATIONS CENTRE, VIACTORIA,MAHE,REPUBLIC OF SEYCHELLES
1	What is a “twitter test number”?
1	i'am ok!
1	challenge / change
1	- Manufacturer
1	Today  will be better
1	Can a Chinese teacher do a double session? So that foreign teacher can be free to do oral test
1	Thank you ,Jenette
1	5) Show the native UI on the screen 
1	Please refer to Audio Test app; navigate to Video Tests > Display Test 
1	are optionally available.
1	Achieved % - 25%
1	R.E insists safety gears at site.
1	4006551818-3
1	Liquid-liquid phase transition
1	1. Cp & wm T1 miskill rate increase
1	Delay 50200- TickCount()
1	what's for dinner?!!!!!!!!!
1	have you tried to talk to Simon finally?
1	FQ/HQ[](MERAMIST
1	I need to very concentrate to talk to you. K2 wants our agreement
1	i take it along with me
1	I think this for Mr. Jiang
1	Verify no error message in ATS 5.x or greater
1	I love you Dear BB
1	0) Make a phone call from within CarPlay.
1	Can we get half container CL3030 and half 3060 shipped ?
1	- The audit process will not begin until test results are received. Apple will stop the audit process and request the system be retested if discrepancies are found between the submitted results and Apple's results.
1	【Information notice～RWY incursion】
1	and to understanding customer feed back on every week
1	Visiting area today: Bitch square.
1	May we see all parameters that we have setup ?
1	At this moment,
1	Packaging & Shipping
1	The gain stage of the CapTIvate peripheral provides the ability to scale the effective size of the unknown external capacitor relative to the internal sample capacitor. This serves two main purposes. First, it allows the peripheral to handle a wide range of capacitances. Second, it allows for the designer of the system to dial in a desired measurement resolution.
1	your mom very hold
1	Yes, first,we need to download the app on our phones,  log in with the phone number which we gave it to the HR dept when we sign the contract with our company.
1	otterbox cocktail party
1	"Negotiation is a process in which two or more entities come together to discuss common and conflicting interests in order to reach an agreement of mutual benefit." (Harris&theoretical Moran, 1987 perspectives: 11)
1	or too late?
2	 
1	And 2. As whatever deals we provided on April 10/17 won’t be final - how do we deal with skus that are no longer qualified as flash sales
1	a)      In order to have a clue about your business in China with Yukon stent, please can you submit your sales figures from last 3 years in terms of Sales revenues (Chinese RMB, or USD) and the quatity per year you have sold in last 3 years.
1	For me Eduardo cartaya and Giuseppe iadisernia
1	The system upgrade took  longer than expected so classes today are canceled because of courseware problems
1	1) How many Power Supply Unit for Each Indoor and Each Outdoor?
1	- pre-warm is sent before buttonDown when Siri is launched.
1	We are interested in our LED lighting offerings and would like to request the following:
1	Congratulations!
1	cic24622
1	good jobs！
1	by now 100% positive feedback from Buyer for this store
1	crocodiles
1	make more time
1	We do not have any new information to share regarding your review. However, if we require additional information to complete the review, we will contact you directly. Otherwise, you will receive an email notification when the review has been completed.
1	Pls kindly check our popular items. These two items quality complied with EN71,ASTM,HR4040,7P.
1	Free cocktails, furious music ，even  U missed the world, and you can't miss chunK.
1	Are sample sizes based upon industry standards, statistical sampling plan tables, or other statistical  process control methods or techniques?
1	Hello guys.  I can't make it into the office today. I'll be organizing the shooting schedule for next week today, however, so please send me any input you have and I will include that in the plan.
1	1010013674                         3247546
1	I know this is currently the situation. However, if you would upgrade this plan to also include foreign hospitals, how much would it cost? I can pay for the extra cost by myself.
1	Approved By
1	soluble salt tile 渗花砖- 8000sqm
1	No, tell May the plan
1	Very Good
1	I am fucking sorry
1	Number of rejected simulations: 20000
1	3, to have the intention to repeatedly preach, strengthen the appointment
1	Verify that each changeModes command for Untake or Unborrow contain no constraints"
1	Jackie chain
1	7.A caller should wait ___________rings before hanging up.
1	BTC Fees: ฿0.0274
1	alternate audio:
1	Ok, i’ll send few options soon
1	Smart Home+City Indonesia 2017 has proved as the Indonesiaâ€™s largest trade show for smart home management system, city management system, smart lighting control system, building management, smart communication system, smart energy and many more.  A fantastic atmosphere and perfect place make this event attended by many professional buyers and give opportunity to explore their market.
2	We have been producing many prestigious brand names of tableware in the world, such as Ritzenhoff & Breker (Germany), ARC International (France), Maxwell & Williams (Australia) and LENOX (USA) to name a few. Our brand names, SAM & SQUITO, MODERNE have been recognized as the most popular chinaware among homes, hotels and restaurants internationally.
1	• Reimbursement system submission deadline: 28 Feb 2018 (incl. submitted all reimbursement forms & receipts and get it approved in reimbursement system).
1	qqssppp
1	Verify that EngineType within VehicleInformationComponent contains only ‘Diesel’.
1	or gupta, should we discuss cold warehouse seperately?
1	For last point, do you have a special requirement to assign for any suppliers ?
1	fiting
1	2. today ,F7 pre-booking  scheme already finished.please known.
1	Thank you, please wait for a bit, I will check with DG team and see if there're feedback coming again
1	2. Go to 1805 for li ge in the morning.
1	pak tong is on the way to lamongan, will discuss with him about pavingstone
1	heartburnings,callings to account. There is only time for loving,
1	I wish everyone  to be a strong,
1	Please send out 20 pcs to JGP TJ/IQC by today and I would let them to arrange to retest.
1	to do: replace public key and private keys with proper values
1	DZ: Dry Figure 1-6-302
1	Hereby, wish her a bright future and good success. J
1	Give rendering
1	Hey!How are you doing?Man!
1	If not, you can ask. Li Hui
1	Verify that the Siri button is accessible at all times, regardless of the state of the vehicle.
1	as fast as 1hr
1	Now I am testing several kind of led chip and bar light for grow plant with rocky light to comparison(attached photo shows similler grow). But grow light is too expensive. So I am looking for proper vegetable or plant not to need much light. If plant factory is succeeded, I try to be facility seller.
1	Test steps are described in MFi Accessory Interface Specification with Apple CarPlay, section Test Procedures > Signal Integrity. Submit report to Apple as described in the CarPlay Certification Guide.
1	👌，should we ask another person from play team to be here , like Hanna or Erica?
1	The folders and paper. Yes sorry okay
1	the rest of textures are the same than before
1	1.	学而思云学习(ID:1327715695) is the mobile version of 学而思IPS(ID:1115550474), It's the different terminals of the same App in nature
1	the tallest
1	Example: old fashion brand (check it on google then no information abt it) with super poor image, content, has sale with high price (3-7Millions VND)
1	Thoughts?
1	3, each component has the interviewer 5 people, supervised 2 people, timing score 2 people, is there a 9-person interview for a student (your sixth-grade kid who has seen this formation? 9 people dress as formal, around your Va 1 people, so the government really value every EVA, have not seen the opportunity of Early Practice, practice !) Every time of ten minutes, interview from six dimensions (moral cultivation, learning habits, spiritual development, Team Cooperation, artistic cultivation, Innovation Practice) examination students, some questions need to answer in English, on-site rating.
1	“THE AGENCY” shall provide the services as described in Exhibit “A” of this Agreement to “THE CLIENT”.
1	salary=5000-297-50(prepayment)=4653
1	Y53 gold at phone palace
1	Drinking a lot ?
8	？
1	Login device: iPhone
1	•       Requests for seller feedback or customer reviews.
1	All report will be late due to some NES issue.
1	He is also remote working
1	Don’t know exactly. I will have more analysis and consultations and then doctor will decide
1	she is staying  in your dormitory?
1	Lucas to suggest more channel using Paid Marketing channels, especially during birthday campaign, where we will have long last deals to clear the black stock
1	11. Talents should not be allowed to get their suitcases and plastic carry bags and place them on the chairs or front rows at all. The talents had all their things in the front-row.
1	Why do you hate us so much? we asked.
1	Happy Valentine's Day！
1	First this I read this morning:“I received the replacement cable today via USPS.  THANK YOU kindly for great support, service and hardware warranty!  Anker (via Amazon) is who I look to for device cables/peripherals.”  Go, Anker!  Great weekend with you all.  Excited to get this work week rolling.
1	Hi.  I could not activate her outlook because it kept asking me for the administrator password.  And yesterday i tried to work with Jiaqi laptop but shanming and i tried to switch it to english. some we managed to switch but the outlook was stubborn and would not respond.  i left it for Tiarui to try on Monday.
1	perhaps
1	In total there are 18228 EA om hold. AS mentioned before we are not able to sell them. Could you please let me know how fast you can replace them at GC Medica cost. Can we discard these batches.
1	If you have any feedback in week 15 (04/10) about the rotation painting trials let us know, it might change our plan.
1	Xin nian kuai le!
1	So wonderful
1	I have burning fever..... feel like throwing up.... going home now!!
1	Just believe yourself... rest put on GOD.. and god is good to those who do right...
1	I always knew pokemon is not decent hahah
1	Let me know if you want to have a call for discussion and exchange. Thanks.
1	I call this game
1	200008913	120104
1	069-069 【直选】后三  1期  892注  中(1)
1	1) Press and release the PTT/ Telephony (Flash or Hook Switch) button  
1	First pick the room first, early buy early discount!
1	I spoke with SIAD PM gianmario. KOTTER has increased the time for preliminary calcs to 4 week and reduced final report timing to 8 weeks. However Siad is available to share the pulsation analysis performed on existing unit with all design guidelines. They will not take any reposnability on this previous report.
1	Repeat test for each BGN Scenario:
1	Will need to lower frame rate as bandwidth out of Tegra will be over 1 gbit
1	Madame say to Amsa to wait till tuesday. It is better.
1	AMEX INS-0
1	Maybe the opening will delay
1	onion red and brown , the layout is not finished , you have to do quality check ,there are too much rotted ones.
1	If the accessory supports Route Guidance, verify that distances are displayed in the correct units.
1	Apps that simply duplicate content or functionality create clutter, diminish the overall experience for the end user, and reduce the ability of developers to market their apps.
2	200006189	120103
1	I can come to you
1	a)	It is a Mexican company legally incorporated and existing pursuant to the laws of Mexico, according to public deed number [*], dated [*], [*], granted before Mr. [*], notary public number [*] of [*].
1	0) In the CarPlay session view, see accessory's Info Response > Session Response Details
1	Can you sleep through the night?
2	I will organise re deliver the mattress and bring the damage one back .
1	The team is evaluating the case mgmt option currently. Indeed, while it's technically more feasible to buid it within Pharos Merchant Risk modele, I do acknowledge that integrating with the existing version may poise a lesser disruption to the operation. We are aiming to have the estimate timeline by EOD Monday.
1	Mam me aaj clg nahi aa paunga, bcz of hamari clg ke kabbadi ki match he aaj aur us team me bhi hu , yis liye me aaj clg nahi aa paunga
1	melt index:2.1g/10min
1	and the 30-35% is quite subjective i guess, not sure it is possible to check this on display somehow
2	8) Submit screenshots with the results from the ATS Utility App to Apple as described in the CarPlay Certification Guide.
1	Sunnyvale office. Today is my first day and I feel very excited to work for Alibaba. Before this, I worked at a startup, Grub Market, in operations administration and vendor management. I also have experience in organizing conference and events. Alibaba is a great company. I am very proud of being part of it, and looking forward to starting a wonderful journey here.
1	Please Stay Clean!!!!
1	Simon-Grade Seven-Unit1 First,students should be encouraged.Second,passion is not enough. Third，add the habit integral immediately.         Lynn-New Concept English One-Lesson 77. First,nine steps are perfect.Second,set up goals of integral.Third,check prevision. Fourth,practice didn’t need explaining one by one when you are check the knowledge in the last period.
1	We have burned 312,500 KCS with $3.2 buy back price based on our 2nd fiscal quarter profits. The burn event has been done on the blockchain, and a link below:
1	if line[0] in data_dict:
1	Lulu is site manager
1	Search categoriesBrowse categories
1	CPV INR 3.0 is pretty decent considering 80-90% audience are new users
1	documents should be submitted along with the application form.
1	Password 12345
1	our supplier is soso so we push to improve the quality but not easy
1	Waiting for your feedback.
1	Better late than never
1	From: WraptorSkinz Dennis >
1	200006561	120102
1	this new function just launched a couple days ago, so even if you failed before, now it would work.
1	love in Hollywood ?
1	A modern mobile robot usually contains a simple low-level computing platform runs RT OS (Real Time Operation System) with restricted computing power but real-time output, and a strong high-level computing platform runs non-RT OS (such as Linux and Windows) which dedicates to computational intensive algorithm execution. In our system, the low-level computing platform is MCU (micro-controller), and the high-level computing platform is called the on-board computer.
1	happy new year
1	How’s the u.s plan and China plan?
1	This is  PFD Quality Wales Corduroy Fabric .
1	PE、QE、SQE，Pls attend the meeting to discuss how to give the answer to Maier. the most important thing is why we submit the failed delivery inspection report?
1	Each category have their own Safe stock
1	i will send your blog to our boss to check and we will give you reply on April 08th . hope we have opportunity to cooperate
1	it is better he jsut take 30 days,because now we need labors;but if he insist,he can take 45 dyas,but we jsut pay to him for 30 days
1	5860091
1	1. What is the purpose of the warehouse? Repair Center or Storage.
1	1.KS is disabled and device works normally.
1	Alternatively, you may consider creating a web app, which looks and behaves similar to a native app when the customer adds it to their Home screen. Refer to the Configuring Web Applications section of the Safari Web Content Guide for more information.
1	Noted with thank for your inform
1	at java.util.concurrent.ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor$ScheduledFutureTask.run(ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor.java:301)
1	Korotus
2	Haloo Sasa. He need order all of stock DM60818, but he need some types to full fill container. So would you mind to send some wood type to me?
1	Observe that the playback position of the song and the remaining track time are both updated every second.   If H.264 video frames are being buffered the track time and playback position will move every couple of seconds once the video frame buffer has filled and frames are rendered.
1	806-12660	SPRING,GND,RF,CHIN,D32
1	Can introduce who this is?
1	1.Install SynthEyes
1	AGENDA for 11AM China Time FFM Meeting (30 mins)
1	The nightmare was about a demonic possession. A long time ago, there was an evil in a small town and it was jealous of the girl and would never let her go, since the devil loved the girl. One night, the evil raped the girl and she became pregnant. After months the girl could not hide her baby, her father figured her secret out and clapped the girl in irons and locked her room door. But the evil put the gun to her father' temple and saved the girl. The father had a stroke and had been sleeping on the bed for three months and died. Time went on and the girl brought a child into the world. Naturally, people who were living in the village heard the story and they did not want to see neither the girl nor the baby since when the baby was born, plants dried in the field, fishes lost in the lake and people had prayed to the god for rain, but nothing changed in the village. People got so angry, dug a hole in front of the fountain, put her into the hole and threw stones at her face. The girl died soon after. The evil went off the deep end, took a revenge of the village and killed everyone except two sisters because the evil wanted them to take care of its baby
1	Verify that EngineType within VehicleInformationComponent contains only ‘Electric’.
1	I will be away soon for few days without access to internet and I need to have a secondary approver..
1	Correction I forgot about Chinese sizes.  So I will be a large
1	2.verify upload/download  (if applicable)
1	host unreachable
1	A sentence on the explanation of the scheme to the dealer：if OSR outlets can achive  OSR F7 target 100%，2% for all the model in April Month.
1	And will move onto the high-fid mockup to avoid back and forth changing.
1	Gulshan chain game
1	#HAPPY WOMEN’s day ♥️
1	1-V7+
1	- Going back to the core of what our team does, where we said previously we will do on-boarding and monitoring (and not let trxn authenticity go away) - we should be clear that if there is an MCC mis-match in the situation of #2, then it is our problem.  Else what is the point of our on-boarding validation?
1	because you ignore me.
1	Ben Courtier
1	we two who and who
1	3) Disengage the reverse gear and accessory’s backup camera.
1	152****3063
1	0.3% my office expenses and staff salaries.
1	Signboars=1
1	2.  Select to view the detail of the account (profile).
2	2) Repeat at least 20 times
1	detailed clients information and project info(ongoing) are not allowed to be presented, which is a basic information security requirement.
3	Hello
1	4. 1 Design: Copycats
1	Nice day! Please just sign or stamp the contact, then scan it and send it to me via email. Thank you for your help advance.
1	Happy New Year, Good Night
1	Leader
1	Let us train more people in each locations to do the same
1	Mirror, mirror, on the wall,
1	nation
1	These are informations and advices.
1	The second one (daily MTD report) has inputs from Qliksense for OM and vouchers, and manual inputs from countries for Offline/branding cost (line 93).
1	Problem is due to HRC supplying situation, the allocation quantity is cut 30%, so Mill wont consider to offer new customer this round.
1	1.Robot Y shift from 0.3 to 0.5.
1	4252    200
1	Color:transparent/white
1	Maybe she attacks me too much and I don't want that any more
1	sorry i cant Melissa and i have plans that day.
1	Metta Sari
2	0) In the CarPlay Session view, see accessory’s Info Response > Session Response Details > displays > maxFPS
1	Blind deaf man
1	You can improve your child's hearing memory considerably . Once his hearing memory has been greatly improved , he'll be able to and remember what he listens to in class. The success of these suggestions depends upon your ablility to use your child's natural desire to get involved in games he finds simple and fun.
1	Warm heart
1	||1||1||68
1	The most difficult thing in life is to know yourself
1	so efficient
1	Thanks,
1	IHG has confusion for Hotel this Sun - PR, rooms, etc. Spoken with them and we’ll be ok, will resolve next 24h and will take lead for IHG local execution.
1	It's right to get there right now
1	Hi Ken, please wait.  I shall share another batch of FO which we can approve later today.
1	Last week result 2018W09
1	Over the course of the two-day conference, you will learn about our latest technologies, innovations and requirements for a successful strategic partner alliance with Federal-Mogul Motorparts.
1	manu,not 328, is chinese new year project
1	some banners, this is cat
1	This is Alvaro Callejo, Account Manager for Consumables in Amazon Spain, and person on charge of Consumables Deals.
1	407570-E6BN18G9PWL24XAN
1	Thank  you .
1	PO BOX 84023
1	​Thanks a lot for your help in advance, looking forward to your feedback!
1	Don’t know.. stucked in Wuhan. We try to have a slot for take off...
1	Thx for the confirmation. Sorry I  didn't notice the message you left before the confirmation. As you mentioned we will have to share the room with other guests. However, the booking page shows that the room can only be shared by 5 persons at most. I have already booked for us 5 girls in total. Please double check again. We do not need to share the room with others, right?
1	To play?
1	I honestly want to help them like those I sent but the rest are getting from bad to worse
1	But you can’t stop yourself to love me
1	National  Ice Seafood and Salmon
1	Find 9 hidden features in the Puzzle.
1	Gift for less
2	9) Connect the Apple device.
1	LEFT JOIN `website` ON `item_id` = `website`.`id`
1	See  you tomorrow
1	Input/output transients measured when power supply is hot swapped.
1	DV report. Do PU high temperature resistance test by FCA spec., sample pictures should be attached in report, need Chinese/English version report, Keep the test samples in house
1	Open it up. What did you see?
1	2) Place a phone call using CarPlay.
1	Guide Sticer
1	Have a good dream.
1	budget $20,000
1	In the afternoon to chat with pine cai xin, and then made a plan.
1	Hi Team, can we please all meet in front of lift at lobby B Tower now. Please bring with you 3 - 5 staffs from your dept. thank you!
1	have a happy trip
1	I don't want to waiting for your fucking time
1	For new products there should be sample first and then production.
1	FOR  RESTRICTION  OF  HAZARDOUS  SUBSTANCES.  A CERTIFICATION  OF COMPLIANCE  IS REOUIRED
1	The following features are done but aren't yet shown in the UI:
1	On Offline spend, though both files indicate a slight reduction MoM
1	be yourself
1	0) Siri and native voice recognizer are not active.
1	A prompt is not displayed to the user to find Fuel or Charging stations using the native navigation system while guidance is being provided by CarPlay.
1	Or Community Development Finance
1	20180401	216401	110656	10145627	10.8200	2.0000	1
1	This is about how to support the whole system, how the locks works, maintenance operations, what to avoid that could have impacts on cellular network and roaming in HK. Also make sure you have access and understand how things are connected together
1	(JH)  The immediate RBU move created still has RTRV = 'Y', meaning deferred, which actually is the item preventing RDC generation.
1	fly
1	11) Show the native UI on the screen 
2	so can you open the files
1	I love you! I miss you! I miss you.
6	If the user is looking at the main menu, verify that the CarPlay icon is shown and when the user selects it, CarPlay is shown.
3	Apparently ding has an announcement feature, so that's nice.
1	I'm infatuated with you
1	Please include this invoice number with your payment
1	quality_in: 0
1	RELATED SKILLS/CERTIFICATION
1	5. ministers attributed the increasingly serious problem of unemployment to the Great Depression of the global economy. (blame... On... )
2	good
1	Mom is on
1	Didi merchant is a part of didi takeaway platform , which connect customers , deliveryman and takeaway merchants , to enhance the efficiency of takeaway process .
2	If the accessory supports Route Guidance, verify that the following messages are sent or received in the iAP2 Control Session:
1	If approved, your app will again be available with all installs, ratings, and reviews intact.
1	2018年3月31日 上午5:28
1	👍 then how will it impact the overall development cycle (e.g. idea / requirement management, product design, development, deployment, QA),,,
3	what do you mean
1	So if you do not offer me a good solution to this breach, I will not receive the order.
1	Will storage room be open today and if so, what time? Teacher Sonia and Teacher Magda need supplies.
1	can you speak chines？
1	You may be a person to the world, but to her you are the world.
1	.......
1	américain shop
1	Harry be  late 1.5 hours today  pls free contact me if needed my help thanks
2	Look forward to receive your reply.
1	Verify that the statusFlag key is 0x4."
1	Feel a lot of pressure too when wife is away.
1	1)Today i went to office for daily meeting and attend meeting of Steven boss then zain bhai after that i went to 49tail and visited Mian mobiles and 3star mobiles. After that i talked with Deluxe mobile owner and asked him to clear all his pending amount and also buy stock because stock was not enough. All pending payment of deluxe mobile is cleared and also stock is 6 now. I also visited 46ada both shops and motivated them for sale also delivered stock and delivered claimed set to 3star mobile.
1	 3) Exit audio off mode
1	0 single store: 1.
1	deal
1	We will head over to level 60 and look for sherry. Thanks
1	FOUR?
1	Can't download 😥😥
1	rebuilt
1	customs
1	residence booklet
1	C2C acceptance: 2
1	based on our current cash situation, payment can be made at week commencing 19th March.  How much we are talking about now?  Previously was 50-60M.
1	Ok, so I am confused why he asked me for the research document.
1	You are sure you want to delete?
1	Ok. This paint is from Akzo Nobel?
1	Do you have material on hand
1	As I said before, my work plans would be provided before the 3rd of each month. Not earlier than this.
1	F1s-00
1	If their actual PSR is not ready yet
1	Spool speed expressed in percent rpm. N1 on a turboprop is the gas producer speed. N1 on a turbofan or turbojet engine is the fan speed or low pressure spool speed. N2 is the high pressure spool speed on engine with 2 spools and medium pressure spool on engines with 3 spools with N3 being the high pressure spool.
1	Destination:
1	200006618	120104
1	PLACE OF RECEIPT
1	bulge on contact will be crimped
1	I was
1	1 x Shower head with trigger
1	Knowing the overall conversion time for the user interface can be helpful in situations when the system report rate needs to be optimized. By comparing the Scan Period line on the plot to the Sensors Total line, it's possible to obtain an estimate of the amount of time available after all the sensors in the system are measured. As the System Report Rate parameter is decreased, the user interface will be measured more often, and the amount of available time will decrease. Note that the more often the user interface is measured, the higher the power consumption will be.
1	Which is takeaway, and eating broccoli
2	What happened？
1	2 *
1	done!
1	Homepage banner (when will showed up)
1	Chicago, America
1	Can you please proceed with the refund process for this order please? Thank you!
2	This is true , i’d say we change it step by step based on the situation of the rainbow colors in the market
1	In a _______ high school life, you belong to one nation......which can never guarantee you total safety.But I thought I found a way out.
1	200005295	120102
1	1) In the iAP2 Control Session view, verify that no AccessoryHIDReports containing the Play usage are sent automatically upon connection"
1	and staff Optimization follow the requirement of HO ,pay attention the deadline.
1	Shenyang (45¥): Not old forest sugar, Prince cookie, agaric, Nestle
1	Organic Chemistry Frontiers – 4. 955
2	0) In the CarPlay Session view, see accessory's Info Response > Session Response Details > displays > primaryInputDevice
8	"0) Connect an Apple device to the accessory.
1	It needs to have the flow rate of 4oo liters/minute and withstand 15 psi. each filter
3	Tommorow their is site meeting  at TIA rehabilitation but site stopped due to financial problem and already paid us!
1	Got you.
1	She and I are a department
1	All team, please do this job with prompt action.
1	And 2 , we don’t write it in 进销存，mr.zhu would felt that we wanna to  grab his ERP business , we are prudent to say “合同跟踪，交货跟踪…”
1	Build patcher and keygen.
1	holy dingding, batman!
1	Everything i
1	I am sending, actually there was some connection problem in network
1	IBAN/Beneficiary Account: 1081-200-657371 (USD Currency)
1	Activate 1.
1	I hope everyone actively cooperate. For details, please refer to the Public Notice of ZYGJ-Myanmar Company.
1	Double entry​​
1	- Once you've completed all changes, click the "Submit for Review" button at the top of the App Version Information page.
1	your are the best leader all over the world.
1	See you tomorrow captain.
1	So, personally I think it's a nonsense day.... because most employees of DiningCity are women, (meaning we provide more than equal employment opportunity), also we don't discriminate against women in terms of job responsibility, career opportunity, growth, or any other aspect of working at DiningCity, yet somehow the government policy is to stimulate discrimination in a professional work environment by differentiating between men and women by giving women a half day off.... saying "they deserve a half day off because they are women".... meaning they are creating and stimulating the perception of employment / work performance differences.
1	embroidered
1	Of course! Let me know if you need any help identifying people or anything!
1	About "Only 1 sliding banner for 1 day", does it mean we turn off other 5 banners on homepage and keep only 1 for this brand day?
1	1144517411
1	Sure, send it at your ease
1	Also noting that one of our key milestones is the release of LAZADA Open Platform (equivalent of TAOBAO open platform) for service providers to develop their apps
1	ok I have gifts for u
1	juce
1	PREMISES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND LANDLORD EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY
1	depressed
1	I guess we could.
1	*VBA Outlet=11*
1	202173
1	I m frm kanpur Uttar pradesh. Bt last 3 years i lived in lucknw. Nw i join newsdog and shift in gurgaon.
1	im so sad cent take day of on tht day I need im reday promise them ro come franchise  to gather
1	sorry, apparently I use bbm production build from Playstore
1	· a valve body
1	In the past few years, I every happy or sad, are you hot kiss cover I always uneasy heart, I extend my heart desire and the pursuit of dreams, or light or of a day, you are my umbrella, for my mind shelter, inside melancholy, or of the loss of time, you're my body on kuai le yuan, eased me of the comb trouble, let a string of joy and love notes, of lasting happiness fall in our heart of common love nest.
1	The angular granularity is very acceptable.
1	Follow DDG 78-31-01 Thrust Reverser Inoperative - Preparation per AMM TASK 78-00-00-040-801-G00, Test No. 38 - Thrust Reverser Cycle Special Functions Test is required if method 1 selected, which requires EGT less than 250 degrees test precondition listed above.
1	2017 institutional personnel year.
2	It’s better to have that deal online then no deal.
1	7.2 body development: If your class has a boy, he likes another girl in the class, just confess to her, but the girl cried out, "you're ugly! ", From then on, he began to care about the people's assessment of him, becoming depressed. What would you do with him if you were his friend?
1	-Our employees were willing to work on the weekends to help speed up the installation process as well as work extra hours. We understand that our employees left early on a few days but that was only because they were given permission to do so. Only one day was requested to leave early for personal reasons and we can deduce those hours from the hours extra that were worked.
1	This is an order
2	today，my part there 4 things to say
1	like this？
1	Books, Comics & Magazines > Non-Fiction > Mathematics & Sciences
1	Exactly!
1	About the training mentioned above in April. If you have any plans. Please inform us in advance. Thank you!
1	Q’ty  100,000 pcs
1	Please send detailed copy of which cartons are still in US Customs custody with contents of each carton.
1	This is just the beginning
1	glasses
1	If one day I'm dead
1	I am Low chee chuan
1	Verify CarPlay Session begins
1	6- Call to football electronic and ask about new order.
1	Totally agree and it on the side note solve our problems related to paying cross border users from other countries
1	congratulations
1	Stupid egg
1	•	Provide 45-points flatness raw data
1	Duagui 1
1	there has been some instability issues with the EPC in ARC and IPTEC in South Sudan
1	Show some pictures to me later
1	2) Start Music playback in CarPlay.
1	200005251	120103
1	Or don’t speak to me in English
1	but i thought she no longer doing anything like that? She's not reporting to Naomi anymore
1	how do they feel about sampling, waste of time or helpful in conducting their business
1	I'm going to meet the general manager of the hospital which is ready to give the vaccination for our employees.
1	Mawei 4
1	Hao Jian 2018 the first time made dream the jacket assembly, delay to 18th day of this month 17:30 points cut-off.
1	7) On accessory disengage nightMode
1	Does the company have shoes? Help me arrange it
1	and make sure you will be working at 29 January 2018 or 30 January 2018? thanks
1	They Don't Care About Us
1	if you want i will send you my file to see it
1	Sky and snow , why Felix are not in this group
1	If yes, please provide copy of residence / work permit of that country.
1	Daniel, check for me to ensure all drawers of 4 counters at both North and South can be locked. Keys are all ready for all drawers.
1	From tomorrow, after sts finish their lunch, they need to put the tray in the big blue class lunch box . They do not have to tip any food out.
1	1)      The drawing of engraved rollers is wrong (shows 6’ roll) can you send the correct roll drawing but also all rollers drawings like the file we prepared for Formica? Please double-check they are the real rollers dimensions installed in ZRK
1	Pre-alert for shipment from FRA that will arrive ETA Friday, March 9th 2018, 2:00:00am
1	Native UI is shown on the screen. FM radio is playing.
2	Service Agent Name: NA
1	Friend could help me translate some information about straightener from English to Germany,we will be send thri
1	5-V9(G)Ahmad-Seltec💙💙💙
1	Verify that the accessory resumes its previous state.
1	2. Electricity, green fees invoice Confirmation
1	what are you happened?
1	The detection distance: about 3 meters
1	Ore Korea船厂办证
4	Bloomberg reports options trading on AMD is elevated as March calls in particular get snapped up.
1	Please make sure all invoices are billed in RMB with the correct bank details
2	appStates: (NA)
1	Here are quotes for several models.
15	Verify that the accessory sends the following changeModes commands with:
1	6: Zhao Hengdong.
1	Just confirming my partner is happy to pay this and will get back to you.
1	1. I am able to flash the high voltage meter. However, there is a problem. The TFP2 connector has a blue wire on Pin 1. That pin needs to connect to Pin 6 on the high voltage meter JTAG. The PCB is marked incorrectly.
1	send  me  the  picture
3	good job
1	And we expect this kind of schedule to last for a while
1	same problem like yesterday happend ... but this time was punch in was late ....my mobile was not working well nowadays so you can take care of this problem in this days
1	Tender opening read out prices for butimba ttc Mwanza
1	10:39 arrival, according to Uber
1	no look
1	it can be use , this's an additional documents
1	- Scenario 1: 0 km/h
1	Who is the best judge of my happiness?
1	We changed Jordan’s password and now have his email access
1	Darin, you need to learn how to open the red pocket
1	If available, you can talk with me in English, I knew that is very difficult at the beginning, but if you don't try, you will never have the chance. I believe you can do it. Try your best!
1	6) On the accessory start a TCP iperf client (use the Apple device address, i.e. “fe80::0202:b3ff:fe1e:8329” and the accessory NCM network interface name of the accessory, i.e. “ncm0”):
1	good good study
1	0000017413
1	Dear Valued Monogram Licensee,
1	No nda for this project yet
1	I actually learned English
1	You will get a discount on qualifying sales through June 15, 2019 (PST). The discount will be applicable to sales within 7 days after you list an eligible item.1
2	Pay attention to your own company purchase
1	Bubu Food & Beverage Co. Ltd
1	Although not shown, the p value for the less rigorous HR cut-off of 1.4 was <0.0001 based on the per protocol unadjusted analysis of non-inferiority. In addition, the protocol-specified primary analysis for a non-inferiority margin of 1.4 based on the adjusted analysis was also statistically significant (p=0.003).
1	because we already paid a base salary in janaury.
1	u ass
1	honey
2	I expect this will not happen again as we have arranged timing of  our trip with your management.
1	She’s really adorable
1	Teld1234
1	love and miss and good night and see u day after tomorrow
1	Hefei EF
1	Good morning boss
1	If the connected Apple device does not support CarPlay, verify that the accessory falls back to iAP (iAP1 USB device mode, iAP2 USB device or host mode).
1	Customer Support
2	Each leader has to initiate their approved managers
1	So Tina already requested all people from the quality team not to provide any fake data to our customer from now on. And we will carry on a second 2DP audit for next order and provide the real results to you.
1	Wont confirm without translation
1	18) Disengage the backup camera.
2	0) Ensure that the audio stream on the accessory is closed after previous playing any audio. In ATS, in the CarPlay Session view, verify the presence of TEARDOWN response by the accessory. This verifies that the audio stream has closed.
1	Cycle of nature round;
1	oscillator, the clock signal (ACLK), and a timer are running. Hence, the current flowing between the
1	Madagascar
1	Note: This test is not applicable to combinational PTT/Telephony buttons"
1	dear sir.  due to a family emergency i can not come to office today . kindly grany me one day leave.
1	16) Repeat steps 0-15 five times.
1	Monkeys to school
1	I don't know what I'm sorry about.
1	Today the eshelter recption has rejected the delivery access to Fedex. The access id that you had  provided us for the delivery was  normal access instead of eshelter logistic access.
1	You'll miss them when they're gone
1	Verify that the accessory does not send a Changed Modes command for audio prior to the ending the CarPlay session.
1	Hearty food makes life better
1	Excel filter by color   work on  column
1	NAME: XU/LEI ETKT NBR: UPB84A
1	Red Mi Total: 06/16
1	I just use some kind of chinglish
1	sending you my sweeeet pdf
1	Convenient
1	Iwill talk to them tomorrow
1	hey guys, so far, we have the estimation from 2 vendors in terms of pricing, one (excluding big complicated installation, including a 3-day activity events, including flyers, fridge deco, promoters, a gym event), excluding tax 80k-160k
1	we have more then I have sent
1	Do you have a deal tomorrow? It's time for me to come back
1	On the tomorrow morning test, we have two issue on lazada
1	The Global Sources Team
1	Verify that the CarPlay connection is established over multiple ignition cycles.
1	那你微信给她一个，OUR BOSS IS PLANNING TO INVEST MORE MACHINES TO THE FACTORY, JUST WANT TO HAVE AN IDEA REGARDING YOUR ORDER, YOU HAD ADVISED YOU WOULD GIVE 70% PRODUCTION TO US, HOW MANY QUANTITY THERE ARE IN ONE YEAR？
1	10028244
1	We have a big complain from Hasta regarding Heaven matress. For all of them the size in not enough.
1	Looking up, I find the moon bright;
1	dont open the door for anybody when i am not at home。u should check first from Windows and call me if u need open the door or not .if I dont answer you then you two cannot open the door for anybody ,and just looks like nobody at home .if someone send dishes or the driver is coming I will let you know before.remember!remember!remember!
1	Its was only delivery batches to finished today bgve but its too late. If u told us before then ee can arrange more team to come
1	Ampoule
1	   
1	1) Start Siri and verify that the initial Siri beep is audible.
1	3.	Add my usual reflection – On our quarterly meeting and annual dinner
1	Boss Sudam fancy store already paid mop violation penalty and Db shared the same with Mr. Rajesh of finance department instead of Joe Boss.
1	Rising Real Interest Rates Could Drive Gold Prices Below $1,000 An Ounce – Analyst
1	In order to fix that, first resolve what have caused the problem, then remove the row of the play_evolution table, so in the next startup, the application will try to apply that evolution again
1	it is over 900 years old
1	General manager, this contact sheet is troublesome for you to examine and approve.
1	DOE 5: sensitivity to changes in CG seal during testing.
1	Verify that when the CarPlay session is not active the CarPlay logo and/or label appears disabled or disappears.
1	」
1	I am LAUKESH KUMAR
1	But she have not Good Ethics.
1	The picture is in your mailbox at noon.
1	We offer variety of shipping options for
1	+1
1	Total sale 0
1	Others brand- 04/13
1	Thank you for your Time!!
1	The parcels were handed over to China post but we're not updated by them
1	Yoyo won’t let me change
2	They want our dwgs should be like the above dwgs
1	•	Long distance telephone calls;
3	* Evaluate and verify supplier process controls and supplier quality systems, analyze product failures, facilitate writing and/or approve results of corrective actions of suppliers
1	Let me know if you need help
1	As talked, your new DRI should be with security background, not graduated one. Please find the replacement by the end of Mar.
1	T.FlyWhale
1	Okie, we already setup PDP staging connect to TPP on live, means if it works on Staging, it should work same on live.
1	If we take from kamaka.. Rebar we already test Eng Kazan knows
1	Software requirements
1	Grace, may I suggest. If we have any article or stories we wish to upload into Oilup. Why don't we send to some key colleagues in US, Canada or Malaysia to help proof reading and amend before uploaded into Oilup. This way we reduces such error.
1	go  away
1	Your job is to consider the market opportunity of this product.Is that right？
1	4) Excellent product knowledge.
1	- customer request additional or change
2	LC is the elevator lift Controller
1	Good..finally it was removed.
1	Secondment arrangement is the bottom requirement from MY government.
1	Makes sure all CRF fields are completed.
1	My actions weren't natural
1	So tomorrow you can send me some special elements for shantou, and I will work on it
1	Verify that the accessory provides the following iAP2 parameters:
1	May i know it can be improved or not?
1	Please think over your need in connection with the documents in order to step forward.
1	Do you have to pay your account?
1	Does the current work tasks performed by CS really make sense to the business right now.
1	Width:Support Customized
1	Baoding, the car is not lost, the Black Point does not go away
1	I can be the represent in Mauritania
1	But some use cases you mentioned still need array with fabric pool.
1	or some women
1	IMMIGRATION IS IN THE PLANT PLEASE PUT EVERYTHING IN ORDER
1	3. When Su was finish her promotion list in Microsoft word, i am check.
1	    Have a nice day.
1	In front of the company
1	400 people here and no water
1	2. GD&T - GEOMETRIC TOLERANCE METHODS IN ACCORDANCE TO ASME Y14.5-2009.
1	Please improve it and send the improved model (production version) to pass the QA test.
1	If yes, plz kindly keep some flexibility on your schedule since after instrument arrival, there are some lead time to process hospital access process.
1	good shop still have checking
1	So who's paying for the accident?
1	Good price
1	this is link of rebroadcasting.
1	After received please reply
1	Different grey I can see
1	Please let me know when you are available
1	The best feeling in the world is knowing someone is missing you.     I miss you
1	Sop heal
1	14.
1	Hey attention
3	"0) Start music playback on the Apple device
1	5.	Latest F&B revenue forecast from today to end of the year
3	fuck
1	1) From the CarPlay UI transition to the vehicle’s native UI
1	Sorry,i don't want to explain more.
1	the images are horrible quality
1	Pls let us know yr email id and mobile no
1	Hi Cherry,
1	3. Demo Class Stage
1	I need photo at 7.30, not 7.33
1	PIC = person in charge
1	why？
1	Given the tendency for apps of this type to violate the aforementioned guidelines, this review will take additional time. If at any time we discover that this app is in violation of these guidelines, the app will be rejected and removed from the App Store, and it may result in the termination of your Apple Developer Program account.
1	b) the poles on the site need to be removed,
1	4.    When the total sales price is $7.00, the current fee would be $1.00, and the discounted fee will be $0.70, a savings of 30%.
1	A)      Test-1 : the 3D silicon printed valve in the aortic position ( is this possible ) in the silicon ventricle, connected to the ascending aorta, aortic arch , descending aorta and femoral artery. The test can be in Dry Condition ( The preferred , ideal or realistic is that the artery are filled will red dye and pump working and valve working
1	because a rest at noon means an energetic afternoon？
1	Speak
1	If you think about a person in the right way, the longing will make you appreciate the person even more. With the wrong attitude, only resentment will build
1	i need an assistant
1	do your best
1	Bye！
1	you are the best
1	LZD SKU= product bar code : this has been suggested when we first have BMS, but didn't recommended at that time.
1	i have texted her she isnt responding
1	Msg has been recalled?
1	Best regard
1	Every one，do not forget to speak english.
1	and happy birthday sincerely
1	Did you take medicine?
1	everything    will   be   pass
1	Yes Aaron will do it tomorrow
3	Second category(fees may apply)
1	Voice recognition
1	There’ll be no more tears in heaven
1	please type out the minutes of meeting of yesterday
1	1) Initiate Siri; speak until a navigation prompt is heard
1	4. So the accuracy rate in CB local doesn't exist because they just choose the video. Not audit them.
1	Thank you all for your enthusiasm and high moral on push REGI business forward. Stand on duty until last minute, even he knows will leave the company.
1	how was your day?
1	ok, we only need to know the expense which have not been claimed yet
1	Natural almond please
4	 Verify with ATS—
1	Outlet Status A83 OTC to Maintain
1	Please check attached pictures and send me your quotation in excel file with your best FOB price and details in excel file with pictures.
1	you mean testers for Mundhana portal is it?
1	To be a capable site manager, need to know the weather condition also.
1	Do we need to de-encrypt in front end?
1	It's embarrassing.
1	4) Full range color test
2	Verify by ear to confirm that main audio is fully ducked before the alternate audio sound actually plays. 
1	Good morning to dear all
1	what will happen next babe honey?
1	c'm
1	The products I´ve hidden are the 6 hero ones...
1	This dimension is interlinked holes and cut many times by circular cutter.  Due to the interlinking accuracy is +/-0.1, so cpk can't reach to 1.33.
1	Lets get all kids out. It’s a beautiful day. Remind them to bring water down
1	Why do u ask about my bday? Are u preparing something for me?
1	You are the great mother of life.
1	Hi Pace. Could you move my 0925 class to a double session on Friday.
1	Today is my last working day in HGGenuine. It is time say good bye.
1	just the idea
1	well noted
1	It was same process but you put the your name plate with company name and 18w(see attached phpto).
1	In short we did two things. We sensitized the boys on effects of fgm and asked them to protect their girls. Secondly, we realized that the decision to do fgm was with elders, so we sensitized them and appreciated the culture of circumcising girls bit we told them it disrupts the education of girls since after circumcision, they are married off. We told them fgm is good bit let them allow girls to complete high school, then they circumcise them. They agreed! The beauty is most girls are above 18 by that time and wouldn't agree to b3 circumcised as they are going to colleges and universities. More next time
1	Do you like my fancy hat?
1	Big headache again
1	TELEPHONE : 400 620 6333 FAX : +86-21 5102 6000 / +86-21 5032 3701
1	- Please double check the inventory for the button.
1	alibaba story about creative in shanghai
2	Latency
1	I am trying to send you money for the luggage :l
1	Multi color printed.
1	Product id
1	Time
1	love you and my heart is so much love you always love you forever forever love you
2	------------------------------------
1	Because one point of view gives you a one-dimensional world.【Question 2】
1	Hello Everyone,
1	beloved
1	WH KV 70% N+1 E2E
1	3. Consumer decision piority: taste - fasion -health
1	23) Disengage the backup camera.
1	final engineer is another engineer assigned by JOS and candidate bring his CV for interview
1	Brake System: Disc brake (front) and Drum brake (rear)
1	Many are taking that option
1	Naked
1	Thank you! 👍
2	· When engine speed is low, especially during aircraft descent with engine at iddle, IP port pressure is insufficient. The air is automatically bled from the HP port (high pressure, on the 9th stage) through the HP Bleed Valve and IP Bleed Check Valve is closed to prevent air recirculation.
1	From:  Apple
1	Does big brother smoke
1	Hi everyone, please welcome Vicky! She will be the regional trainer for our centre
1	I'm going to a meeting and I'll be with you for a drink.
1	you are lie.
1	Amazon guys said to this product sold to another seller so it take time
1	The job makes me happy, the performance makes me more excited! Every day is a good day, good things will happen
1	I know of one novena children clinic, Dr Keoy Soo Shin, but he is not on the panel so member will have to pay and claim
1	C.
1	Thanks you sir
1	I am taking master in data science final year
1	We will sale more and more v7+
1	(for start “00000001&quot:wink:
1	- Audio test tone file on apple device. (‘2h30Sine.m4a)
1	kidding me？
1	Explain how you can help here as a PM member
1	but if she still cry when she touch the product， we shoudl stop
1	perfect
1	We announced the penalty pretty late, I think it’s fair to say it’s the role going forward. Not sure if we can undo red packets 😯
5	If～there●︿●is^o^not“her"，"Hero"is=“o".
1	Confirmed with GM - drafts ok with him
1	To reset your password, perform the followings:
1	Tm from Shenzhen
1	I'd rather say, you are the one our client  & group is expecting and admire
1	- Claymore NeoScrypt AMD Miner 1.1
1	When they face a difficulty, the will have totally different appraoches.
1	Time out. don't talk to him about it. it's not convenient for you.
1	1. Cut Ring tape + Large PF (+0.2mm/TTL 0.4mm bigger than ring tape)
1	- Perform a search in Maps: make sure local search queries work including navigation queries such as navigating to a POI or address
1	go away
1	！
3	Happy International Womens Day!  We focused on leveraging the day and shared customer success stories featuring women entrepreneurs with the added March Expo promo today.
1	No need to web log in
1	1) Play FM Radio from the accessory
1	No one
1	Happy Memorial Day everyone :)
1	200 INR per day, post will be pinned on the top
1	I'm checking on this, Thanks
1	one, two, three...ten, eleven, little.
1	The accessory ends turn-by-turn guidance and the Apple device continues turn-by-turn guidance. Turn-by-turn prompts are heard when toggling the speaker icon in Maps."
4	You are warmgoddesses #.
2	DO NOT use the inflator while the vehicle is moving.
1	Thanks, Andrew Oelkrs
1	When is a good time to call today?
1	MaxGuidanceManeuverStorageCapacity
3	I have asked long before the Spring festival to please fix the board. It Still hasnt Been fixed. How many times do We need to ask before It will get done?????
1	Seller Name:
1	29.5 points this month.
1	fabric stock
1	please click this link to join our another account thanks and write. Down tour department too when you receive the invitation
1	Evening: with the new guy.
1	cs4EA0B94453H0F9B2549B2B3F6C1302
1	Computers have many educational functions. Firstly, students can gain knowledge that they cannot get in class from computers. Secondly, computers can help students know news from all over the world through computers, and let them broaden their horizon. Thirdly, through computers, education materials can be shared by many people very easily. Even children in very remote areas can have good education.
1	2) Decoder buffering and frame re-ordering latency test
1	Mobile: +86 138 1709 9178 
1	y12qsvxQaL9us6EIjD5Yq93qcoEcmhiCC4rlCvjy0WvLsuVbr7K9JWe4N2KiGlyE
1	Getting Over It
1	What the ghost！！！！！
1	Use Promo code: LC40
1	get out
1	Mcdullwant
1	2, for the logistics carrier we communication negotiation, we the packaging of the products, and the anti-stress better packaging. (Until delivered to the hands of the product is good, intact)
1	By the way, salute to all the Queens & Princesses and our Knights who need to work all day long tomorrow.
1	is the time now to review and fix those issues, especially on the technical reason.
1	I like fuxk you father
1	1. Training time]
1	4106697
1	There are two pandas.
1	Is the quality of the out-sourced products and services ensured?
1	anyone knows what's this?
1	quota
1	I am sorry that I thought it was the photos of Isla.
1	application scenerio: when a person is standing in front of the camera.
1	Ski + Boots + Poles 2500 r/day
1	Date
2	I will consolidated a list to you for all issued certificates and required new cert + update from there onward.  I have sent email out 2-3 times but no one responds.  Please wait for my email again.  Then, we can finalise on this.
1	akio morita, chairman of sony, was annoyed because his children constantly played loud music. he told his company engineers to devise some machine to make the music only audible to the user. they did, ａnd walkman was born. this totally changed the way we listen to music. morita personally insisted on using the name “walkman” for the new machine. "
1	*16.Lucky Telecom*
1	Thanks! Will pick you at Grandpark at Coleman
2	what？
1	2. If any extra Lamp cloth is available in your territory then bring.
1	Li Liang is poisonous .
2	Sadly the article is full of mistake… never believe the press! I am reaching out to reporter to correct facts…
1	2x DTEK70
1	I don’t want her to impact u
1	The vivo IPL Fever is on ! I hope you all are excited and watching it on tvelesion, but how great it will be if we put it same as  shop to shop visibility.
2	If there is indeed no Men's day, that would be the purest form of discrimination against woman actually.
1	GOOD
1	C510300VEH18000687
1	When we embraced free trade, you blamed us for stealing your jobs.
1	I can explain to the MY government privately. As long as nobody discloses the contract to the public, there would be no political risk.
1	Wayne, please prepare a notice to all staff about this issue. It is becoming more and more serious now when it’s getting warm and more insects are coming in.
1	Everyone,it's lunchtime!
1	"The CarPlay UI is shown on the Main Screen and music is playing on the Apple device . Your accessory is turning off (ignition off). The CarPlay UI will no longer be shown and music will pause. Phone calls and Siri interaction can not wake up the system and be shown to the user. Main Screen and Main Audio return to CarPlay only after the user restarts the car (ignition on).
1	Kindly check Training Schedule. Pls every teacher get ready at the same time.
1	BOLON
1	21) Turn on the car and reverse to engage the backup camera 
1	We have own design logo printted on package boxes, give me more details.
1	Talk to you again when I arrived
1	copy thks!
1	I will be arriving on 7:30am at mwanza.
1	Verify that the CarPlay call stays on the device."
1	Are there any restrictions on what type of goods wallet can be used for purchase?
1	Verify that the accessory goes back to the same screen within its native UI.
1	Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.
1	Among the "big" ones, NEM went up almost 10,000 percent and Ethereum, more than 4,000 percent
1	audioInputFormats:
1	J2 pro - 00
1	The aim is to group together all the show's exhibitors and participants from the world of sport -- from fitness tracker manufacturers to TV broadcasters -- in one specially dedicated zone. All kinds of technology associated with the world of sport will feature in the zone, from biometrics to artificial intelligence to virtual reality and more.
1	lighter
1	- Is any expired good on the shelve? (or affected by environment but still in validity)
1	maybe baby is a little afraid
1	Yes, we reserve 1 slot to push for free shipping
1	recruiter
2	Dear teacher, Good afternoon! This morning my home flower painted the whole, in the drawing of the process will also be in the question, thinking about yourself. No, I don't know how to get to know, she is more like girls. Some, the boy over there is the escape, because she had a more self-some, draw down and give her Promote Travel and students start a business, family business, she's still very yearning,
1	告警级别：ERROR
1	you can just do whatever you like
1	This is my view, but if we have talked some thing about FDA inspectors about this topic, please retain the content.
1	Open it up. What did you see?          
1	about the bonus, when do I have to get back to you?
1	product manager
1	no_ripple: true
1	Classes conclusive today at Wudang Road Primary School.
1	i understand, i will do so
2	I see
1	3. Observe whether the server has alarm from the server help desk at least 10 min.
1	.....
1	I believe this should have been "vibrant"
1	Hello all,
1	REFERENCES:
1	Griefunderasmile
1	- Medically-related applications : any part,or component which may be used intracorporeally or which may in dialysis or other processes come into direct or indirect contact with body tissue , body fluids ,
1	All package is 5 $ ?
1	Students need to develop an awareness of the learning process and strategies that lead to success. Students who reflect on their own thinking are more likely to engage in planning how to proceed with a learning task, monitoring their own performance on an ongoing basis, finding solutions to problems encountered, and evaluating themselves upon task completion. These activities may be difficult for students accustomed to having a teacher who solves all their learning problems and is the sole judge of their progress.
1	- Geographic coverage
1	ooh
1	Dear All
4	Best regards,
1	pneumatic conveying technology
1	6) In the CarPlay Session view, see accessory’s Info Response > Session Response Details > limitedUI
1	bitch
1	Potential Conversation Themes:
1	Verify that the accessory implements at least one of the following: Flash or Hook Switch and Drop.
1	Sony:
1	Acrylonitrile
1	as the Mandarin Cafe platform is essentially completed, I am now moving back to focus on my English schools.
1	Decoration: hardcover
1	5. - 1.1 Legal: Privacy - Data Collection and Storage
1	High qulity
1	Verify that audio processing does not effect speech recognition.
1	大公司做的，网评口碑还不错。
1	There is no way to set the desired pressure.
2	7) Initiate a FaceTime Audio phone call and verify that the caller is heard.
1	Admin to send warning to the team
1	welcome to thailand
1	Meng: please give the initial induction, and put him into FLIP00, and schedule monthly meeting with me in the team calendar.
1	Bitcoin, the most famous one, minted countless multimillionaires but did you know that altcoins (bitcoin alternatives) are responsible for even more riches?
1	Great. Yes Amanda mentioned this. Sunday sounds like it’s all sorted.
1	Grocery
1	position not valid
1	unbelievable
1	DJ18486PV9EY
1	Mirror, any meeting pls. at 3 pm BG time.
1	5826959
1	Do you use any of them?
1	Everyone reply Ding +1, +2 if noted
1	P: Yes, when I swallow my ear hurts.
1	Thank you, Carlito, Mr. Han, kiss ...... Zhu Xinchun, Happy! Everything goes well!
1	Why is Google telling me this?
1	Laborlink surveys usually only take 2-3 minutes when workers use WeChat
2	While viewing ATS traffic, verify through pressing all steering wheel buttons that requestSiri commands are sent just from one of the buttons dedicated to Siri.
1	ok，do not wait，our meeting begin
1	No
1	C.the author and her brothers had an unforgettable experience in clleting stamps
1	Alternatively, please remove these features and content from your app and its metadata.
2	Already in committee and the emcee.
1	and when we online this pls talk to your Vs to create the topic they want and invite friends or followers to join   we will promote good topics  and they can get exposure and followers
1	I am going to geita on Friday . Sent somebody to pick me from mwanza early in the morning.
2	5) Export the recording as 44.1 kHz, 16-bit uncompressed .aiff file
1	Good Morning All
1	#1# suggestions found. Use up and down keys to navigate suggestions
1	we are hungry
2	1) Connect iPhone
1	Don't forget
1	I travel to Hanoi tomorrow. Will see u on Mon.
1	Verify that no requestSiri (prewarm) are sent during the active Siri session. 
1	TypeError: 'int' object is not subscriptable
1	But I don't have more silver dummy
1	Zhang Liheng work daily in Shaanxi Province, Northwest China
1	dear please make stamp and date of sending goods
1	of course
1	- FCs for: forward, backward (if we have them)
1	Send me more sexy video ....  I can relax later
1	所以我跟你说过，its my choice. I'm not sure if such a situation is common where you are, but in sg so far the way people react to such situations is to have flings and affairs and keep it under wraps. I'm not. I'm trying to make a decision, and once decided i want to do the right thing. If you can truly make me happy, you are helping me live a loving and fulfilling life. And i think that's the most important thing because we just have one life to live. But you have to be just as happy as well.
2	Remember each night to clean away rubbish or items not needed anymore on your desks, after every class remember to clean up after yourselves so it is ready for the next class. Put away the crayons, put the rubbish in the trash, clean the tables and chairs, put away your flashcards or items used during class.
1	Morning: It was canceled in the morning, and a circle was taken outside.
1	Just got in the car.
1	Consistent
1	Totally
2	Live system is upgrading so all courseware cannot be loaded, we will update the latest peogress in this group
1	3. After got the confirmation from owner, Pu jiang jiang will carry out the job and paint supply by Tin Ko Oo, please.
1	[dcc22fb] 1/1 spring session jdbc configured
1	4) Short press (less than 500 ms) each key (*, #, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9).
1	We expect that this web-based collection would generate conversations and influence the community by publishing high quality and topical studies from excellent women researchers from across the world. The standard reviewing process will be applied to all invited submissions to ensure a consistently high quality.
1	Bassirou Gueye what price ?
1	pay attention your flash-sale target
1	summer
18	 
1	what is the impact on our timeline?
1	Fool, let's go black together?
1	It sounds like the movie is going to do terribly in China.  You are right that the MPAA and the other Big 5 studios won’t be happy.
1	13
1	________________________________________________
1	queryIncomeDetailStatic
1	"Music is playing on the Apple device and the user starts FM radio on the accessory.
1	Same as the order
1	Worthless
1	For example, Nissan LED
1	Chapter P2 – Project management
1	That said, it looks like we still need to work on production amounts. If the amount have not been decided, I strongly prefer that the US team provide the quantities to the China team for production
1	1) Launch, use, and close the EA app to utilize these messages
1	maybe i give you a call about the arrangement this afternoon
1	Full of five only after-sales public houses
1	Team some coverage from our Press Release of yesterday…
1	We will send to This group for all slides
1	Wu je and miss zhang i am applyong for the money to buy it
1	I did not
1	Hi All, I am going to Swiss Consulate tomorrow morning so I will miss MMM. Thanks!
1	Dear Amazon,
1	Dry Waxing – the process in which wax is impregnated into the paper.
1	B. The Internet is dangerous and harmful.
1	a happy day!
1	2 Crystal Selection
1	I need to confirm the Qty to receive and stock in
1	LAC super model
1	E. Relative to the Commercial Lease Expense Reimbursement Addendum, the $60,000 per year Projected
1	why
2	Verify that the accessory supplies a VehicleIdentificationComponent parameter containing a user-visible value for DisplayName.
1	fair enough
1	Meeting customers in Xinjiang, where huge investment in security is pouring in. They like mantis, but they want to  remove the low res region along the borders. Is there anyway we can at least reduce the size of the low res regions?
1	can pls send ur std contract doc?
11	appStates(NA)
1	I almost threw up my disgusting dinner
2	Have you approve this meeting for tomorrow?
1	4. ASM total Score Card.
1	my pleasure dear Penny
1	3. Let me know how to protect IP -  Ask Eddie for help
1	So please call to her and require her address and send to her some samples.
1	i called the customer now , said he can't open the DP without this certificate ,
1	do you feel bored
1	ii)            measure and record the thickness of the coating in 5 positions (vertical surfaces of each tube, only), mark these positions with a white board pen.
2	appStates(NA)  Visually verify—
1	product though!
1	Study hard and make progress every day
1	g10:01
1	Not Pick arm  <- Robot Blade or Robot Pick or Robot arm
1	So fast
1	3. 29/June PM: attend the lecture in Binary lecture for "Research Methodology";
1	What is the best resting position for you?
1	Additionally, please ensure your app’s Support and Privacy URLs in the metadata direct users to the webpages with appropriate information.
4	okay
1	今日精选靓号推荐：
1	Three things are the most volatile: success, wealth, dreams
1	The most important parameters when choosing a crystal are:
1	If they can not accept a little bit late salary and expense, pls do not join in us
2	Our core value: problem solving is the embodiment of the value.
1	Morning Sinbon.Morning everyone
1	Guest room 68.3 yuan 48.3 yuan
1	4) Exit to the accessory UI by pressing the accessory’s back button (if supported).
1	Come on single dogs
2	Is this all right?
1	There is only one person that makes me feel like I can fly.That's you
2	these group of people pls do up the compliance test ASAP else your account will be revoke from the system. All team lead at specific country pls assist to get those whom to do their test soon
1	This was the original request
1	is it true that reading hindi is slower than reading english?
1	6-building's usage (office, warehouse, etc)
2	That’s good. she has been more talkative lately.
1	2) Set the accessory to audio off mode.
1	Hi,I’m Van样.your cut man.The plan now is on the last procedure.this is the way to the safe house.you need go there and take the password.
1	BUT quality is good
1	this is quality services, Buyer ordered yesterday, already received and confirmed by buyer today, less than 24 hours
1	Or we can share a bike ofo: probably need to spend one yuan in five minutes.
2	Two， Like a caveman, Stan's brain is underdeveloped. Therefore, Stan is unable to use self-control, and so he acts out aggressively(_________).
1	mommy
1	Bollywood K2 can reduce thickness to 0.8 mm brush , if yes price ?
1	babe, i don't know why there are so many difficulties between us babe honey . but i do know the feeling that i can't find you is killing me babe honey. we are going to have a meeting soon babe honey, i'm thinking maybe we should stay here longer babe honey, until we meet . so that we can make our plan and nothing will be lost . what do you think babe honey ?
1	When the environment appears to be brave to face, lean against God, believe in God, and fight to win, that will be the blessing of God.
1	Accurately weight 20 capsules of HJ-197, transfer the whole content into proper container and then weight the empty capsules to calculate the average content. Accurately weight about 100mg of content(which equivalent to 20 mg of base ) into a 100mL volumetric flask, add 80mL of diluent and sonication for 20min to dissolve, cool to room temperature and bring up to volume with diluent, mix well. Filtrate with the disposable filter (Nylon 0.45um), discard the first 6mL filtrate and then transfer the last into HPLC vial for injection.
1	what  fuck
1	yesterday, I saw the graphite die used on TIAC line is almost worn out, pleased checked the graphite die for every machine according the regulation.
1	you speak english to me ？i love english very much！
1	I am Tejpal Singh Arora
1	Thomas you also need to use this app everyday, when you visit clients, please following the steps to Ding
1	If SN & HDD VSN are shown press “Compute”
1	5879480
1	the picture is wrong
1	1.	Connect to the internet and transmit (attendance) in REAL TIME
1	User Input Devices
1	12:05
1	boss in my area due to outstanding issue with retailer we are not able to provide the stocks.
1	we can have a cafe to talk about the pizza on 17th afternoon, at costa
1	I  can't.   can you help me
1	Sorry,I can`t understand, you can ask in a different way
1	Generalkonsulat der Volksrepublik China
1	Gordon, please advise if it would be possible to deliver the local key version today.
1	That’s your excuse
1	Hello，here is the new comer Phiphi，a gemini girl. Chinese name is Chaodaiyun who are interested in badminton. Jiangxi is my hometown and I am in love with a Jiangxi boy. As a SA in Likeshuo，I want to be better me. And it is really my honor to join Likeshuo.
1	Filtering Enabled
1	The only thing that could have possibly been good about this is they do appear to be CRI 90, this is difficult to come by in under cabinet lighting. OTHERWISE,
1	Specific points of cooperation will be negotiated individually. As an example of how the schools can cooperate can serve both student visits.
1	I suggest making it unwaterproof first because the waterproof mold is too expensive. Unwaterproof batteries can be made by removable.
1	J7 Pro - 00
1	We are looking for unique activities or customized activities that we can do as team bonding activities. Potentially in below location but we are also open to suggestions. 
1	Internal traininng of Spanish team
1	We search
1	user-perceived off state (part of a power down sequence).
1	Good old fat american
1	You can wait for me at sixth floor stairs
2	(1) The FAV is a 5.5 in. dia. butterfly-type valve, normally spring - loaded closed in the absence of pressure. A minimum upstream pressure of 8 psig is necessary to open the valve. The FAV regulates the downstream precooler exchanger temperature to 200 plus or minus 15 deg.C (27 deg.F).
1	My name is Alice and as I was looking for a creative designer, I stumbled upon your really nice portfolio. Looking at your work, I felt like your sensibility could be a great fit to what we’re doing at Aname.
1	Buy Price 0.8 million, no account no loan!
1	Maggie talked to you about it and gave you the form, right?
1	The mechanics between cabinets and between modules (clusters) does not provide sufficient joining and overall video image looks bad, almost every separate module can be identified visually. Time terms do not allow us to adapt our system of white lines correction, but with such mechanics it wouldn't help any way.
1	I can send you some samples.
1	222
1	Company region is PH.
1	What is your local telco number?
1	Hey there, so our problem is with our logistics partner and data upload of tracking updates. It’s having a bad impact on our logistics score, even though we’re shipping on time. I’m curious if there are other logistics partners we can consider for shipping with China post in the us, or if we can do it ourself directly with USPS via China post
1	Note:  In the Summary - iAP tab, each Identification Message will have a green check box next to it once it is successfully exercised.
2	11
1	For me, it should be  handy that I know the right buyer and  the progress in order to know what I can pre-arrange things here in holland.
2	I think the developer hidden head and signature for response
1	Abode
1	Very  good
1	Certificate Issue Location : GSPN -> Knowledge -> HHP svc -> Home -> Certificate Issue Click
1	understand, you will have it today/tomorrow.
1	To you
1	Thank You Mr Xuan
1	in future, all such should be done by marketing
1	Nanyang is the old name known to Chinese just like Siam.
1	Miss haoxiangni Jujube
1	And start working with the competition
1	We did communicate with them this week that we have to do it. To show that we punish people but they gave us the article that only tells that we do motivate users to be good.
1	Does alibaba has ability to know the number of clicks for a keyword?  E,g,  in huizhou dasho p4p record,  colster消耗 is 27.32, do we know how many clicks for this 27.32 amount?
2	country: CN
1	How much is my salary this month?
4	day.day.up
1	4.今日感悟  我觉得大家都带人心态非常重要  带亲戚一定要站在新人的角度思考
1	Hi Leo flight details for the team that is coming
1	the new models have 12 new textures
1	Congratulations
1	1) Press Siri button on CarPlay accessory
1	Dear all  ,there is a notice of march month F5 target adjustion:
3	Any happen asking please contact me ...
1	Project Construction total output value of about 2000 yuan, which is about 0.41 million yuan, is about 0.35 million yuan, the gross output value is about 60 thousand yuan.
1	(Hu Lijun) self-discipline.
1	A key finding from this report shows Chinese tourists use mobile payment overseas far more frequently than their non-Chinese counterparts, and over 90% of Chinese tourists would use mobile payment overseas given the option. The International PR team in both Hangzhou and the US co-created this report with Nielsen. We are now leveraging it with our media friends around the world and picking up positive coverage. We hope this is useful and interesting for you as well.
1	dot
1	 21) Turn on the car and reverse to engage the backup camera
1	Every month the is a feedback link sent out to All Teachers. for older teachers like Kyle you can use that monthly, unless it is a big problem.. As Ashley is a newer teacher for the next month once a week for her is ok.. Unless is something drastic that is effecting the learning of the students
1	Hi Lily, do you know what plans do we need to submit for the FSB?
1	Honey we will always happy together。please talk to me
1	It's Isabel, the hot girl you saw in today's meeting
1	This kind of fabric is semi-finished product, it needs dyeing processing.
1	son of a bitch!
1	0000019866
1	In order to respect weekend I will linger in my bed till lunch time
1	- a generic ‘Maneuver required’ graphic
1	Kiss
1	 26) Turn off the car 
2	I am working with vivo as terminal manager..
1	Stall construction on full swing
1	0) Navigate to iAP2 Control Session
1	Proddate Proddate
1	We need to split the cockpit and cabin into 2 separate systems and then give the cockpit crew a password.
1	Please note Flexigistic reserves the right to take all possible action to secure our payments in case of long periods of non-payment from Golden Key – including but not limited to legal action, sale of goods to recover our payment and others.
1	How’s the arrangement now?
1	Charges
1	Supplier agrees to comply with requirements dictated by VALEO and Customer Special Product and Process Characteristics (SPPC) checklist, attached to this Valeo (Pre Sourcing) Requirements File by VALEO. Supplier also agrees to comply to VALEO FMEA guideline (FMEA analysis, Capability target and VALEO control means to assure 100% control, such as Poka Yoke,  SPC, or gage) requirements.
1	Paul 
1	Got it. Thank you. I'll be in Hangzhou from January 25 to February 10. Would be great to meet
1	Who's picking YueYa up from the Kindergarten?
1	Hi everyone, this is Friday’s 1 Year anniversary celebration rundown, please read though the plan and write down your name if you are willing to help on A, B or C one of the activities, and send me a private massage for sign up. I appreciate your participation and helping of the event. Thank you everyone!
1	If necessary can he extend his visa
1	Company timezone is GMT+04:00.
1	latch.await(1, TimeUnit.MINUTES);
2	21738606
1	A.      He thinks he can live without it.    B. He thinks it does more harm than good.
1	My makeup artist says you are very handsome and do not need makeup
1	But he will have to get back to us on the rest of the year for his calendar. But June is ok at the moment. Thanks
1	Textbook text...book...
2	Once the temperature of meter no.3 is stable at 210°C +/-2°, proceed as follows:
1	u expect somenone to do favor, then u must show your sincerity and kindness....
1	Can we make this all the same color green?
1	200009194	120102
1	do you want to cancel it?
1	134 containers confirmed.
1	Very Happy that our EPCB Bangladesh group was founded. and all the work can start here from now.
1	So if we send the goods to Algeria customer ,payment will be problem. Now shall I inform customer about this and ask him to wait until we open new account ,then customer have to open D/P with that account.
1	I will be off two days after the holiday！Just dingding me if you need me.
1	Let me know what options we have...
1	Lot : 800-DLH611-01-0
1	- Log in to iTunes Connect
1	I should also share the group policy on severance. Generally for a straight forward case, we pay only the statutory severance, or market severance if there is prevailing market data.
2	4) Repeat for 5 touches.
1	And I love the cartoon picture! 2000 life points to the whomever designed that.
1	Halo
1	Have a good evening ^^
1	methods, use 1440X1080 resolution at 30 fps. Sample
1	February 7, 2018: Seoul, Korea
1	Please share feedback iKang Beijing center, after the meeting. If you have any questions please do not hesitate.
1	YD Ko
1	9) End the call.
1	Serve Customer with Heart and Reciprocate Customer with Value
1	still stucked
1	Why do I want you to have them?
1	3. 2.1 Business: Other Business Model Issues - Acceptable
1	function openserviceItem(){
1	Really old potato meat: 0 copies
1	at com.ali.shy.web.xul.XULPageHandler$$shy$$dc1.handleRequest(XULPageHandler$$shy$$dc1.java)
1	Thank  you.
1	hey,  everybody welcome  to  group
1	-Power Messages
1	Only 70% is very less. I already discussed with the DB make it 85% minimum today.
1	FFP TRANSACTION IN PROGRESS
1	Last but not least, I would like to inform you that we are working on our own motor-system, too, we are going to turn over it after the Medica exhibition.
1	Evidence of Countermeasure Effectiveness
1	0) In iAP2 Control Session, see iAP2 message PowerSourceUpdate::AvailableCurrentForDevice
1	Okay?
1	5. 1.1 Legal: Privacy - Data Collection and Storage
1	--------------V7-------------
1	Okay. I get it.
1	These three factors are related, but are not constant for all types of tissue. Average figures are most commonly used to represent the passage of US in the tissues. Typical US frequencies from therapeutic equipment are 1 and 3 MHz though some machines produce additional frequencies (e.g. 0.75 and 1.5 MHz) and the ‘Longwave’ ultrasound devices operate at several 10’s of kHz (typically 40-50,000Hz – a much lower frequency than ‘traditional US’ but still beyond human hearing range.
1	2.about A83 ， ho will announce the scheme，and today all the DB can bill the A83，A83 according the requirement which  HO provide
1	my you are only one
1	only seeing family
1	Anyone still awake?
1	only me
1	Same for the other page:
1	2 communicate
1	1. all levels of management are not subject to normal organization management, compliance with organizational discipline, performance demonstration and leading responsibility, regional, urban company, Project Human administration management department will be placed on its follow-up bid, post promotion, assessment as an important basis in the process of salary increase, related bonus allocation, etc, to give its inferior post-level considerations; conversely, to comply with the management of normal organization management, compliance with organizational discipline, performance demonstration, leading responsibility, give the priority application.
1	1) If the accessory has a CarPlay icon in the audio or media source selection menu
1	Sun, Moon and You.
1	We are very interested in wall washers with the following requirements:
1	Data for racks F03 and F06 does not appear in at Raptor. Even Racks look fisically normal using the regular piwer consumption at PDUs Amperimeter.
1	C. inquire
1	Car Display after disconnect messages
1	Please do the payment of Maltran Emirates shipping AED 14516. The invoices that I already shared with Mr.Guo by hard copy.
1	I do it for love.
1	NETWORK SETUP
1	Probably we have some servers for upcoming relocation from US44-B to US44-A, please aware that all servers' SN have been designated with cabinets RU already.
1	Transportation - Announce on friday
1	play basketball gai xiao bing
1	2.a. Record the temperature readings from the meters 1 – 4
1	Yes, but for safery consider, inform them better lift less than 6tons
1	fABW4gA6wz1ksM3D25jkH7Hap7vgLPuplswvskr+Ts7menYVdVjYc/WECuMoffZZ
1	Conference ID: 6433516
1	we help them to provide the live streaming (LS) page, drive traffic there
1	xwnvcsnx23236273
3	1) Connect a Apple device to accessory and begin CarPlay session
1	nightwatch
1	We can read some reading material in the morning.
1	5866100
1	template with your findings.
1	input each separate production line.
1	Thank
1	Sorry typo I means M team
1	Tell me is this where I give it all up
1	Team, I will go back to Australia from 8-22 mar, for daily operations, pls report to Jenny, for urgent matters, approach Ivan for assistance.  I have access to internet most of the time and should you need to talk to me, do so.
1	Happy women’s Day
1	im at dentist now, my plan is at the afternoon. about 17:00 German time.
1	Like many have mentioned before, there is just to much in the pack. In my experience we were doing a GL lesson and each student had about 3 pages of stickers and card on the table. lots of the craft at the end of the lesson goes to waste as already mentioned. I like the idea about a kit for the class as a whole. This will definitely reduce wastage and help out with storage.
1	Guys everything will be great, new software means new skills, I'm pretty sure that DT will be improved gradually.
1	we can print our names on a paper
1	preview
1	correct
1	1 Mon, 12 March 10am~12pm  (Japan time)
1	OK you can review first - I am adding subtitles
1	A-Information for KM layout
1	I plan to do this over the next 10 years
2	1, For this batch of times with questions of products, the product color of the Order is wrong, leading the buyer to receive incorrect products. We have been in contact with the suppliers, and we strictly discuss negotiation and return the products that are subject to questions to be returned, this is also strictly checked before the delivery of the shipment, they have to check out one of our products (the product's SKU, the model, the color and size of the size) prevent any error from the project, and strictly take the last step to the last step..
1	Class booking system
1	Product
1	Make sure all send me this file for March.
1	Sabi TL and TSM pls dhayan de, ye vivo college app ki vba ki new id and password hai, kal vivo college app pe 3 pm pe test hogaa vba ka, sabi vba ko inform kar de, aur unkaa vivo college app pe login karva de, sabi VBA ko inform kar de , its very important..
1	Max Speed: 45 km/h
2	Guys, if any of your article/story for oilup was translated by the online translation tool, pls review it, coz i found there are some errors.All of u have your names on it, so pls pay attention, after reviewing, you can re-send to the membership center.
1	What is the problem with the light intensity at the pantry that Michael mention?
2	if there s more member, do we have to increase the size of the cloud ?
1	I'm on my way. don't blow
1	6196650
1	Start from April , we officially use dingtalk as our main communicate apps . So pls always alert and reply message
2	sometimes  about
1	Nail to report to work every day, and next day work plan, and copy Korean Jian
1	consult
1	Hello MCC, Kevin contacted me that he is trying looking for the key of N929 SP to lock it and could not find it, can you help check where you left the keys? Please contact Kevin soon, he needs to lock the aircraft right away, thank you !
1	Following up on this email request, will you be able to provide me with the requested information?
1	double
1	Paolo Mion
1	make up for me
1	We wanna do it?
1	Lizzy Lin
1	We never reach to inseparable to need talking about this.
1	Jumpshot.
1	However this number can be increased after some study.
1	ok, sorry you are not yet in company
1	2. Handling Capacity(t/h):200 MT TO 300 MT per day
1	thanks  for  my  leader to help  me
1	Hi Lisa, I will be returning home for Chinese new year and my contract includes a paid return flight--what do I need to do or keep to submit for this reimbursement?
1	Feature:01
1	Too thin and different structure
1	+++Special activities - Lucky Draw +++ and Karaoke 😁😁😁😁
1	Not real time
1	Both LiuPeng and ZhangShun have the login information for the account
1	G20/01
1	yes, the Indian crypto Community are creating a petition. a different twitter user added justin to the chat about it
1	Ramdon crashes: Still happen that apk crashes ramdonly. Is it possible to continue investigating this? Is it related to RAM memory?
1	joshi only you without photo
1	Eat out
1	I meant gold surface
1	•  All colors need to be shipped to CPTN or just Blush Gold?
1	I am the salesman Wang Dong of the Ming Dynasty, especially happy today, because, we are the most handsome, she is also very busy, also very diligent, helping to do the industry is also a special condition and a very low-profile person is also a particularly low-key Zhang Tao today in Li Shangjun. three class about
1	EXW price--1.35 USD/roll
2	I am.going to find an official recording studio for you!
1	Genius Photographer Uses Drones To Capture Mountain Halos
1	A successful case study
3	A deal.
1	Delay 20000- TickCount()
1	KINGKOIL is the KING👑
1	we always clean it up when we roll it, and we also check it before putting into the bag.
1	When this SOP was revised and made effective ?
1	peter followed your original order
1	please send me disney travelling updated ppt
1	Part No. System
1	Hi all, I am taking leaver tomorrow will not in the office. Please call me or WeChat. Thanks!
1	5898422
1	yes, they said we are paying them 15K per month
1	You can speak English I can translate the Baidu
1	We shall just be careful that they take all brands like z cam and kandao and others
2	Deliberate disregard of the App Store Review Guidelines and attempts to deceive users or undermine the review process are unacceptable and is a direct violation Section 3.2(f) of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement. Continuing to violate the Terms & Conditions of the Apple Developer Program will result in the termination of your account, as well as any related or linked accounts, and the removal of all your associated apps from the App Store.
1	回复就是徐亮的截图：
1	The semester is almost over and the handbook committee would like to remind everyone to give feedback on the policies and regulations that were discussed during the previous summer holiday. This is for us to move forward in creating  the Nanshan school handbook draft.
3	Opportunity favors only the prepared mind
1	Hello. Saturday. 5pm W Hotel in Suzhou to JW Marriott in Hangzhou please?
1	thanks keith, noted on this
1	why not
1	Marketing team- please add this model into q3 highlight
1	check point
1	Manufacturing operation
1	what happen
1	we now go to testing
1	three logos are same one. Just use at different place.
1	Attention all this all images we choose and make rnd product for this month  pls give us advise if you have idea for new product thanks
1	question is so comprehensive... such as environment improvement.... How?
1	Morning content: 1: shop duty, transfer table, strict execution, placed on the computer platform of the conference room, the second day shop duty to clear yesterday's event, shop photos, track customer inspection service photo summary! Garbage day clear, shop duty check 2: extinguishing lamp, kill Record Registration 3: in-store smoking can be fired directly from the outside, the rental area, warehouse toilet store use mobile phone specification direct penalty 4: e-Mail Committee performance day with standard inventory turnover number of days <25 days, loss <1.5 in performance review 5: the big push back posted at 6:4 in the theme of the theme, the skills, the focus, head of charge, head of assessment master-square-7: red line, data security (prohibited from using personal computers) Food safety, good faith!
1	Run 2 shift
1	Name: The Hong Kong Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
2	"0) Connect Apple device to vehicle; start a CarPlay session
1	A71- 0
1	Malaysia Government
1	OK ciao. Have a good travel !
1	-______- don't scare me like that
1	Has HR heard anything to that effect?
1	Service Desk resolved this as Cancelled.
1	Let's keep the format consistent
1	realized, however, if every unit manufactured can be shown
1	Nerd
1	3. Follow up the payment and tracking the invoice.
1	before noon tmr...
1	Afebile
2	This amount which material purchase for YOP 4,500,000 and balance is PH-502 bill charges pls.
1	Using a high-speed camera, capture video of each secondary display in parallel with the CarPlay UI. Measure the time that elapses between values updating in the CarPlay Maps UI and the equivalent Route Guidance information being updated in the secondary display:
1	don't you remember the horse sex scandal?
1	described tract of land;
1	Please continue the momentum
1	7 Things That May Cause Teenage Depression
1	3.	Customer to check Coupa resource availability and should notify Coupa at least two (2) working days in advance of services required.
1	dont bb or kill you
1	题目：An  isoliquiritigenin  derivative  inhibits  multiple  myeloma  cells  growth  by  reducing  the  IL-6  expression  and  its  interactions  with  human  serum  albumin
1	2.2 ESR Value
1	Hi Gina
1	Subjective Consciousness 60
1	You are in all the emails , can you please track and let me know what's missing?
1	xii. Is your visit sponsored?
1	Must be at least (% more than the starting price).
1	just last one doing others all are send it pls check and confirm.
1	Thanks for your prompt response. I will update our website.When you update A 20 website, please let us know.
2	Case details:
2	- Once your app is fully compliant, resubmit your app for review.
1	If any urgency, pls contact with me via DingDing.
1	​As we discussed at yesterday's CNS3.0 management meeting at Ningbo, we are having commercial problem for CNS3.0 FBU cars, details are listed below:
1	That is ok. Jeffrey concerned that I also sent the REX price to John
1	Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts. By Winston Churchill
1	a wrist (8) connected to the right side of the tail end of the lower arm (3) through a second transverse spindle,
1	Guys,good job
2	7.SECTION II (FAMILY DETAILS)
1	Pls align team for configuration of network devices from Monday (9th April 2018).
1	For more information on how eBay protects Intellectual Property, or for additional information if you believe that your listing has been removed as a result of an error or misidentification, please visit the following Help page:
1	1708190033
1	Have the design already
1	I can translate the Chinese characters
1	13 brother, I can warn you, where not to fan the flames
1	and also recheck about thumbnail blur
1	please wait
2	GF, Chengdu is progressing. Even though building is not ready, our Ovivo TEAM is already mobilized and made great progress thus far. Especially the focus on safety and quality is outstanding and certainly supports us during the later stages of the project. Excellent work so far and big thanks to the entire TEAM.
1	survey
1	here ladies are chicken thy take easy way out
1	window shopping
1	A. some  		B. a  			C. any  		D. many
1	A. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS LEASE, TENANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
1	Keys were found on the jet with all the books and manuals in the cargo hold.
1	man fuck you
1	If you are hungry, 23 has paid for 88888.
1	in the back
1	K5-v97
1	3. Release Sales Orders
2	我:
1	If we have to do a Box then we need to change the wording and maybe even the design on the Box so that it's easier to clearly tell the difference between metal and plastic
1	•	Raw graph .csv files
1	Kindly ask your ZTMs to send Sales Summary Report on time otherwise ZTMs are responsible if your zone not receive  Pre Booking incentive.
1	Based on your feedback we will once again calculate a rock bottom price in order to find a win-win.
1	74 Henry Street
1	Verify that once color is selected in the app that the color on the screen changes.
1	Total V9 pre-order quantity：24
1	Cathy I cannot read their mind.. How would anyone do what I am doing now when they only give me one liner to work on
1	*V7(G)=04*
1	- RouteGuidanceUpdate
1	At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue. Our representative will be able to discuss the issue in English or Chinese.
1	Jan, is this tender for product or service?
1	3: Wu Jianyun ❤ ️
1	this time the target need divide the promoter outlets and non-promoter outlets
1	The passengers sitting by the window is using his laptop and close the window shades I will tell him to turn off his laptop to ensure the normal functioning of the aircraft navigation system and to help us to open the window shades.
1	It Sounds like the expectations from managers and from international staff are not aligned in almost all cases
1	i too
1	unknown
1	Cigars cigars! BISMARCK. Marks the guy who sold me the babble gums cigars. Why on earth would we confine ourselves to his story——history.
1	This page is only 50% finished. Many contents are not yet finalized, such as the brief story, some events description in the Timeline Infographics, employee quote, detailed join us contents, etc. Under “our people”, people’s photo are not yet formatted properly, and we are waiting for everyone’s photo to be ready this week;
1	Two actions you need to take as we talked over the phone around 12 nn:
1	t0talA1. 02.    target:02
1	Type: Plastic profile, Wall Form
1	just want to say thanks to Heru for the hard work.
1	L4	EACHGO
1	But the data there is not accurate when the time that we do the Zone UI...Since we find out that the KS Link is not accurate as we test yesterday.
1	On the further comments of removing green area on both sides of building #2--OK, but the green area must be made up elsewhere to achieve the 5% green area requirement.
1	hows the show?
2	And the third reason:Stan has a small wiener. Don't hurt yourself, big boy.
1	Happy 8th of March my dear female colleagues
1	Devoted to you
1	By the way regarding the mirror, we have contacted the supplier to make a new one which may takes time
1	5863106
1	3) When the CarPlay session is established enter CarPlay, open Maps and search for each address in the Destination Information Test Addresses document.
1	Do not send any vehicle out today
1	Always
1	All labels already checked with officer from Fertilizer office. If I will get Samples from Lily, can apply chemical tests immediately.
1	Then this is awkward!
1	J7 Max - 00
1	yuaner_9342
1	 The mourner's heart is going to break on his way。 
1	Delegation from French Big Business and Enterprises
2	0) Connect the Apple device and establish a CarPlay session
1	2. Under section 205 of the Companies Act, the directors of the company are required to appoint one or more persons to be the auditor or auditors of the company within 3 months after the incorporation of the company.
1	at com.ali.martini.web.action.order.order.ChoiceProductOrderAction.prepare(ChoiceProductOrderAction.java:114)
1	Nice profile picture.
1	OMEC (Liqiang) will provide the first part of the electrical data before the meeting on the 12th of April.
1	Note: This test is not applicable to combinational PTT/Telephony buttons
1	Price: 68
1	2. Use IPC as the PAM-F1 control system. (Need to double check if this aligns with the BOC quote, Laura is going to do the same with GSM ).==>John,4/6
1	cash
1	Get away
1	So is BISMARCK a Kaiser?
1	Justin - there are many mistakes, and I’m having the whole site copy edited
1	Your app must be published under a seller name and company name that reflects the financial institution. If you have developed this app on behalf of a client, please advise your client to add you to the development team of their Apple Developer account. If your client does not yet have an Apple Developer account, they can enroll in the Apple Developer Program through the Apple Developer portal.
1	SHIPPED ON BOARD NOTATION ON BILL OF LADING IS REQUIRED DULY
1	go ahead
1	Thanks for your simple reply. Please share the production plan table same as before.
1	It’s better email to Juliana Vanover
1	zj-hz-zcxjyxgs
7	Thanks
1	56.8-PX-E-18-003
1	I think they have to revise this lairage very carefully, coz in architectural drawings all spaces are designed  for cattle's and not for goats,
1	words
1	You're so great. I'm very admire of you now.
1	Hello. There is a problem with sound in the Peg's room in the second center. I can't play any warm up song. Can you please fix it somehow? Thanks in advance
1	Yes sir
5	Hello, i am missing an extension cord from office B401 . If anyone borrowed it please return :)
3	roger
1	Miss Christine Cutajar
1	The same blessing to you！
1	The problem I am experiencing with these sample chips is that the cartridge yield is not reached before the printer indicates "Add Toner". There is quite a lot of toner left inside the cartridge. When I change the chip to other supplier, then I do not have this issue.
1	Is there any information (information is uncountable noun)
1	Jycz0111233jy + customer Zhou Bing + Butler Zhang to fruit + customers this is the last period of rent, wouldn't pay.
1	lounge
1	It’s a two year old stock
1	Measures to improve the pick up rate:
1	Below are payment methods not available in the system:
1	on the way！
1	Note: The bluetoothID must be accurately reported in order to receive disableBluetooth command from the Apple device.
1	SR Daily Sales Report
1	Teachers should also maintain access to all onboarding/introductory training modules at this point, and can continue to review them as needed.  They should also be introduced to the ongoing training system at this stage.
1	ANS)
2	The pressure to be measured is ducted to the transducer via a sense line. It acts on the integrated strain gage of the piezo-resistive cell to generate an electrical signal proportional to the pressure variation. The signal is transmitted to the bleed monitoring computer.
1	Hi,all, your attention,pls
1	you dont have any cash now? can get some from company and pay the phone charges for Zhu Lei,thanks
2	 4) Deactivate stand by mode or turn on the accessory.
1	If required, have the customer approved the control plan?
1	Hi MR ZHENG.... WE HAVE RECEIVED 14 SACKS OF CHICKEN WINGS....THANKYOU MARIAH
1	Quote send to you the, the to see with a single, thank you
2	S6303 New report- Report of Corporate Loans by Controlling Shareholders
1	4. Send the unshipped list to Nitin.
1	I took my babygirl to my own house. So everything should be done by myself. And she is still awake. I am lying in bed, which almost makes me asleep.
1	Me grass
2	The CarPlay UI is shown on the Main Screen. Your accessory enters a display off mode.. Music continues to play. Phone calls and Siri interaction can wake up the system and be shown to the user. Main Screen remains with CarPlay after the user ends the phone call or Siri session. (Perform test if applicable)
1	Zheng Qi take the day off.
2	1) explain it based on your personal experience.
1	Details
1	3. I was explained our company profile, rule and regulation to new sale supervisor staff.
1	Confidence is exploding.
1	I will turn to Taiwan tomorrow and plan to make a business trip on Chicago around 6th May to 12 May.
1	Great team [赞]
1	the highest vs lowest price issue
1	Last week you asked me for seven packs of bread, and I asked you for sure. Tell me I can use it. The result? What a waste!! Please apply for materials according to the actual situation.
1	we move fast u know
1	station
1	im comming soon.baby~
1	1.Quite a number of things have been done to help solve
1	if that, we haven't
1	I even delegated angel list to one of them
1	The company plans not to charge the annual fee for the first 6 months because we now do not have stable sales or website views so to reach a win-win situation where RTTMALL can increase its number of customers as well as influence and sellers can increase their sales and advertise their products on our platform, the company decides not to charge annual fee but selling fees for each item sold. Also, the specifics about delivery fee, rebate, etc. is still under discussion. The document I sent you can be regarded as an ad to attract the sellers and later we will select qualified sellers to cooperate and of course show them more details about this cooperation in a more formal document.
1	Dear All,
1	i just read the name at books
1	This weather I like too
1	1) Pause the audio playback
1	5878625
1	Yoga harmonize ones soul and spirit. Alexander Health Club
1	Second, an Emergency Working Arrangement
1	Really busy the day
1	Years in current position: ____________________________________________
1	•  Please conduct 5x loop tests with 3x DUTs with current overlay. Please wait 1x minute before each test, so that the DUT can cool down.
1	Im David Trujillo From Colombia, I want a Quotation for rayon challis fabric for a purchase of more than 20.000 meters. I see the fabric in your Alibaba webpage and I need d the quotation for the fabric that you offer for US$ 0.37/yard. I know that is a low quality fabric but is the fabric that I need.
1	Go to the comment section
1	solution has been provided yet.
1	After the snowfall, the road has been icy, try choose public transport (bus, shuttle); when self-driving, go out early then ever, pls.
1	Yes the red & white theme is very good, we made it red & white and black in india Exhibition
2	4) In ATS Utility, tap Back and select the UDP tab. Make sure the accessory IP address is supplied and select Run Tests
1	Bank Name: Wells Fargo NA
1	Did you see the box has any damage when he pickup?
1	taskId=147009  dear friend, I can not find this task on my list. you approved me as an executor?
1	Could you help us to translate the added sentences in User App 2.1? We have some added sentences want to translate from Engliesh into Russian, the below file is the IOS and Android, you can open by 'text editor' on mac.
1	Last day!😍😍😍
1	About the price,You really give us a very lowest price.it's even lower than our cost price.
1	So hello my dear friends
1	Yes, it is
1	PM Shibuya - Shinjuku
1	- Hardware is the current hardware version. This must match the hardwareRevision displayed in the Info Response as well as any hardware version displayed in a native menu (if applicable).
1	based on that I might have communicated that they arrive today whereas they come tmr
1	5890871
1	Yue jiang house
1	with great power comes great responsibility.
1	Blossoming and growth
1	we can get the results tomorrow.
1	In view of the line of business of met investment group ltd, we would suggest to cover the following classes:
1	if not working, close your browser, clear cookies, log in to Indeed again
2	"0) Listening to Music CarPlay (note volume level).
1	Accenture research shows that 90pc of life sciences executives see a platform-based business model and engagement with digital partners in an ecosystem as critical to the success of their businesses.
1	Verify that the requestUI command is only sent as a result of direct user action on a physical or virtual control surface, and is not sent automatically upon connection.
1	Material: woollen, chemical fiber, pure cotton
1	Store: Ubud peak shop.
1	2) Play Audio
1	okey...!! i think i did not understand the situation all in chinese..
1	FEATURE INSPECTED. CONSULT PROPER APPLE INC. SUPPLY QUALITY ENGINEER (SQE)
1	For us, we need to spend almost 10 days quality checking each item before shipment.
2	Verify that the accessory screen is showing the backup camera.
1	Ian Hirst
1	阿文， Thank you , Boan takes to long in the car and I have many things to do ..
2	Jddz: qian tu 1-6-302
1	"0) Start onboard navigation 
1	Do you have car?
1	Caroline
1	To verify an accessory uses hi-fi, see accessory's Info Response > Session Response Details > displays."
1	if your products are good, we are sure to import it with a large amount
1	Next year, 2018 years of 60,000 square meters, come on.
1	1) Dismiss the warning/pop-up message through user-interaction.
1	Dear 小萱 邱,
1	everybody is my pride here
1	The truck is already gone
1	How many
1	Other SmartPhones -01
1	discussion. They can truly learn the skills of cooperation and how to get through the ideas to their mates.
1	On behalf on our Managing Director, Mr Gyula Ujvari:
1	d.      Support highest level of wireless encryption protocol such as WPA2
1	1. Please explain the difference between proactive and reactive people based your personal experience.
1	--------------------------------------------------------
1	D: Do you drink much?
1	this is the column with pattern
1	and rotate it a little bit
1	3 point my office collection, go to workshop Kanban (ceramic tiles), everybody!
1	LX131937925CN
2	face to face
1	What is the plan for Saturday?
1	and kyle ask for leave already
1	I need you
1	Don't tell some fantastic tales yourself anymore.
1	What’s rhetorically sarcastic?
1	I amServant.
1	connection  reset
1	please
1	Report
1	What did your guys eat tonight?
1	(please do not use the powerbank DP will bring for duplicate purpose)
1	Can you speak Chinese?
2	MI Y1 - 00
1	•  Please move all temperature/ humidity related test items to the start of the test sequence. Then again conduct 5x loop tests with the same 3x DUTs from the first experiment. Again, please wait 1x minute before each test.
1	I’m sorry to sound difficult. I’m not trying to be. I am impressed with your customer service. I’d just be happier with a identical item.
1	What is the topic for discussion?
1	Here some snacks that Kony brought from Chengdu, you guys can feel free to taste it.
1	Frank：emobility Manager
1	2.For the next semester, how would you like to improve your English learning?
1	👨🏻 source number: ZQ-18-107191
1	Audio Tests
1	c)	Monitoring of electronic media;
1	a) Facebook
1	- Send a Message: send text messages to a few contacts
1	L3 middle area
1	Check Sheets
1	220 refund we are rejected reason ((   wrong file uploaded  )) as per your request  delete any one file
1	main audio:
1	hyatt regency
1	i will talk u later
1	A charge of copyright infringement can be a big problem.
1	We can bring it back for repair
1	By nowadays, our OP , consent signature is from the EAS , it’s real not friendship  , very puzzle , confuse  to make its determined ,which is consent , which or not . And The big problem is that  its consent signature is offline . Gods know , they would be obeying  or not obeying .
1	The Others is coming !
1	As air handling and refrigeration are essential in our production process and production environment good working knowledge of refrigeration is important.
1	- Each Jugrel local company- (51%-10%)/number of shareholders
1	who
1	A visit of Mr. Senator and H.E. Ambassador of the Czech Republic:
1	Just handle it as you can
1	And also customer
1	next time pls info waist rope in measurement chart
1	5. Tomorrow's plan: filler personnel data, this phone record, this phone release, look at the book for half an hour.
1	I like tanks, too
1	Actually never mind both domains use the same cert
1	3. Location of the warehouse (20 mins drive to CBD or 2hours drive for CBD）
1	(1) The sensor monitors the temperature downstream of the precooler. It is a double platinum winding type.
1	Just shoot 1background.
1	ALTER TABLE `kubif_user_coin` ADD COLUMN `old_address` text NULL COMMENT '旧的钱包地址';
2	Its better
1	this is the current design proposal
1	Do you ever write anything in English?
1	Unstoppable
1	Teacher management system so the support agents can see the recruitment history of each teacher
1	In November, Jiangsu lost 3.645 million per cent and lost 3.308 million yuan in December, with a loss of $0.337 million.
1	Let me investigate
1	nut
1	4. CMF Weekly Meetings (0305)
1	Tom and Ammar or Ansar will go to Al Ain these days
1	As long as you buy two-room client, take the past look, look, look
1	7. Players should also be briefed further - especially the final team players for the finale. Please let me know if you need me to brief them on the content on their answers.
1	It’s a little repetitive
1	In addition we have the following questions:
1	If we have  one guy with fulltime for FS, then He/She can do this report daily for you
1	at io.reactivex.internal.operators.observable.ObservableSingleSingle.subscribeActual(ObservableSingleSingle.java:35)
1	Confirmation: verify that confirmations after messages and navigation work as expected
1	Verify with ATS and direct user action—
1	1) Telegram group, can we create one for English users only
1	Hot pot
2	4) End the phone call or Siri session
2	No thanks, I should thank you all for your support and dedication. Dear brothers and sisters from the end of the day! 😍
1	All right.
1	If you leave and give,I will life and death dependent.
1	711163
1	you have wall design??
1	no need to key at BG end Right
1	1)User presses down the push to talk button.
1	should be as short as possible, and a ground area should be placed under the crystal oscillator area.
1	Alex, do you understand what I mean?  You need to setup the database before next Monday site testing for all the 98 LMD sites.  Please confirm with Zixuan if you need clarification.
1	Revarm purohit
1	Then I get it back
1	Well, what will you buy when you need it then?
1	liquidity
1	Yes, i also thought nothing much would change
1	Everyone please! In the last meeting we agreed to deal with the minor topics concerning the students outside the office!
1	i have sent you a PO for Fitted Cold. so need to add it to your plan then we can confirm when this will take you upto from a planning perspective
1	Pls Teach them how to handle complaints too...
1	Once it will done,then i will add them in this group or in their zone group.
1	CNN has never partnered with any third-party agencies for the token sales. Any potential buyer of the token will go through strict KYC procedure. The sale is not open to US, Korea, China, New Zealand, Canada and any other countries and regions where similar activities are prohibited.
1	expected delivery: Aug 2018
1	Dear developer,
1	Veterinary compounding for domestic pets and exotic animals
1	SWIFT：SPDBCNSH640
1	Meeting location: subway building Sita 5 floor conference room
1	chroma
1	asap...
1	"0) Use spoken commands for the following icons on the dashboard or through the Siri button on the steering wheel:
1	this Canary i think it is not a competitor .their  security system is very different from ours . The carma is just one device in our system which is an extensional device .but this one, it 's a main device ,and the only device whitch include security monitoring. it's not an extendible system.
1	Already i told you in our first conversation.
1	10: 30: To 905 door-to-door
1	You can see bass already told you only 23t stock
1	dont hesitate to ask
1	Verify that the alternate audio sound is mixed with the phone call without any clipping or audio distortions."
1	Shi dao 5 people!
1	Paceage
1	How is the status of the servers
1	Fernando wanted to sue him
1	0000019861
1	Practice
1	Verify that EngineType within VehicleInformationComponent contains only ‘CNG’ and ‘Electric’.
1	(a) Regulation
1	In the meantime, LTA has started trials for other types of high-accuracy geo-fencing technology that will further improve the tracking of errantly parked bicycles. We plan to conclude the first phase of the trials by 2019.
1	Send me
1	AD0003354447
1	So your English is too bad
1	0) In the CarPlay Session view, verify that no HID Send Report Commands containing the Play usage are sent automatically upon connection
1	7) Confirm that the DTMF tone for each key press is heard at the far end of the phone call, with no gaps and no duplicate tones generated.
1	Hi Ella,
1	International team would like a short bus to somewhere downtown Puxi
2	Indian woman team
1	OK you're English very good
1	Are we doing sanction check for the staff employment?
1	Thank you for your response. Your call with an Apple Representative is confirmed.
1	The value, keep: Liu Yang
1	3) On accessory trigger limitedUI
1	Kenapa
1	Hello friend. I have a customer that need make some payment to us, but his bank just is possible put 35 characters in the receiver name and our company name is bigger than that, they requested to me our short name that they can put. Someone knows about this?
1	If you are not right on the things I will let you know so you can improve to be better, this is how we grow and learn. So far I think you are right, in fact I would do what you have done, so I appreciate you voicing it out.
1	46000881
1	Please send me the amended JD so I can sign it and let HR and QA put it in force
1	Has the boss arrived at the company?
1	Apple
3	Hello, there is too much noise in this group (and some others). So I'm turning off notifications for it. Please create a group for only important broadcasts, where discussions and responses are forbidden, so we don't have to have this constant noise.
1	2:30 ~ 3:30 with the moon.
1	Dear all VIVO family...
1	Jessica,the office furniture behind the reception already order?
1	If the display uses hi-fidelity touch, verify that the user perceived end-to-end latency does not exceed 140 ms. 
1	programmer but just from WiFi
1	Now our audit team already worked in Paramount.
1	let bullet fly a while
1	ZE we ship 2500 packs
1	I want to make sure that we won't have the same problem with my new order.
1	Zip code:
1	JOy 7 MAX :01
1	Venue: Xinhua Bookstore 11:00-12:50
1	When all SA here
2	200005335	120102
1	Do you know how we have to reflect this info in the Price API?
1	1. company business license 2 company door or warehouse photos
1	She  is  XU  Yan.
1	3900 is for rent cost for Yangming Plaza
1	Only as a team can we be amazing teachers and an amazing school.
1	Rich Strader, who is named vice president, Mobility Platforms and Products.
1	Y53 - 00
1	Have a good time!
1	Can you format it like an article and work with Effy to post on my site and Weibo
1	Remove Eneko from the distribution list
1	So it's is suggested to review the confirmed and signed D&R sheet for brush holder No.2718567 as per attached.
1	Apple Developer Relations
1	Target 12.6 million this month.
1	PLEASE STOP SUCH UNCONTROLABLE UNPLAN REQUEST!!!!! I CAN NOT ACCEPT IT ANY MORE.
1	I'm diarrhoea
1	Attn: John Budek
1	If the accessory sets oemIconVisible to FALSE, oemIcons, oemIcon, and oemIconLabel must not be provided.
1	Verify that the requestSiri command is sent immediately after the user presses the button. Simultaneously, verify that the Siri session is active on the Apple device.
2	"Verify that the accessory's volume controls (physical or on-screen) control the volume of audio from the Apple device.
1	In the transverse direction    :20 MPa
1	awesome！
1	come on baby
1	11) Receive a text message and verify that the notification is heard.
1	•         Jack Ma’s Ant is said to aim for a $150 billion valuation
2	0) In the CarPlay Session view, see accessory’s Info Response > Session Response Details > displays > features
1	We can share with you the technical requirements and knowledge we own and we can also leave to you one single unit which can be used in your labs for deeper investigation and eventually developments.
1	Happy new year！
1	I think that before discussing contracts about jobs, some sequence of goals should be discussed. we already discussed some of it previously, but some details remain to be discussed. furthermore, some details might change because you will have a race in May,
1	IT Induction in English. Please confirm if you are available to join. Thanks.
1	total de  vente 19
1	(use extra sheet if required)
1	your sb
1	Make a good fight this month
1	Address: 9-12-2-1504.
1	Honorable colleagues, annual meeting time 13: 00-15: 00, at the entrance to the banquet hall on the 7th floor of the hotel, use the nail to scan the check-in two-dimensional code of the roll-up sign, select the shot sign, and do not use the ordinary sign-in. 15 o'clock the whole sign to the entrance will be closed, do not sign or not explode the sign will not be able to participate in the draw after the link. Check-in photos will be displayed on the 16-meter screen in real time. The lucky draw will open the interaction between the explosive shots and the barrage. At that time, everyone will use the nail to scan the big screen's two-dimensional code to participate. Upon successful sign-in, a message can be sent to the on-site module of the Nail Conference Assistant and the message will be displayed on the big screen in the form of a barrage.
1	You call you will you were supposed to turn the water bagel with 1 but I'm qua
1	Do you realize how much I adore you and miss you?
1	The fingerprint doesn’t recognize me today
1	Copier isn’t working in 1-202.
1	I shouted to him, "Hey don 't run I m just waiting for
1	DRIVE (DV) AC 0SSD 004 AC DRIVE 4KW PARKER Ref:890SD-532100B0-B00-1A000
1	beautiful
1	1、what's the most useful  moment strategy in bringing new users
1	so this month we will not joke with them
2	Verify the same behavior after initial connection and after several UI/audio interactions between CarPlay and the accessory’s native UI."
1	I will look for you when I am free.
1	Rent a car in the morning at 7:00 in the morning?
1	it can accept two men hand in hand
1	We could use color variation in Electronic category. A colour variation theme must not include any information other than colour. This seller listed the different products together by colour variation, but the difference of the two products is not colour and the appearance of these two products are different .(We attach a screenshot of rule-breaking image and variation.)
1	kids reign?
1	Very bright, unique design, waterproof
1	Could you please help to advise is there a flight under Delta Airline from San Francisco to Chicago ? If yes, please help to advise detail information, such as the flight, timing and ect, thank you.
2	Tomorrow morning 10.00am，we have a meeting at office·
1	When connected to the target, the Measure SNR button will initiate a series of measurements on the highlighted element and perform the calculations described above and update the table accordingly. Additional options are available to adjust the sample size, apply filtering, and log the entire dataset.  Options
1	1176155803
1	200005321	120102
1	Order Number
1	include
1	- Name
1	Pls send me update policy
1	Yes, the Isla images will be launched on Apr. 10th.
1	We appreciate your cooperation, and thank you for selling on Amazon.
1	- Frequency of inspection?
1	Son, I'm your father
1	Could you please quickly check this case internally then revert to us?
1	4.3.0 - Are a duplicate of another app or are conspicuously similar to another app
1	not want face
1	- Quiet environment designed for taking audio measurements
1	Good morning to all of you !
1	no question ,no problem
1	any progress?
1	Is any1 from China tech team reading all our messages regarding the scanning error of SKU ... all the unscanned SKU are pilling up in our office , need a quick correction in the system so that we scan these products....
1	apple
1	However I have added a class to Sunday SE4 0616 to 4pm as I’ve been teaching that class from the start of stage 7
1	Verify that no further changeModes commands are sent immediately after the info message to update the state (unless triggered by the user). 
2	Any after sales engineer available now?
1	1) Show CarPlay UI on the accessory screen.
3	176) Turn on the car and reverse to engage the backup camera 
1	Dear all,mento
1	New Sabzi Mandi shop boss want tiles outside his shop. You agree?
1	LOOK BOOK
1	Internal cod22.1
1	Warm hearted wishes for a happy New Year filled with all your favorite things.
1	I disconnect the Anderson plug and moved the panel into the shade.
1	What did you say.
1	Please do rejection in the system
1	4785399 - LD on May/14
1	a1163820114
1	Leg Strength
1	Heihh
2	art
1	Verify that all HID buttons follow user interaction and that HID events aren't bundled together either on button press or release.
1	Pls check this with shukuru. I think the removal of 7km has to be paid separately
1	Choosing,choosing the person you want to share your life with is one of the most important decisions any of us makes,ever.Because when it’s wrong,it turns your life to grey.And sometimes,you don’t even notice until you wake up one morning and realize years have gone by.We both know about that one,Alex.Your friendship has brought glorious technicolor to my life.It’s been there even in the darkest of times.And i’m the luckiest person alive for that gift.I hope i didn’t take it for granted.I think maybe i did.Because sometimes you don’t see that the best thing that’s ever happened to you is sitting there,right under your nose.But that’s fine too.It really is.Because i’ve realised that no matter where you are,or what you’re doing or who you’re with,i will always honestly,truly,completely love you.
1	Hui property: 3/0
1	the base of the interior release control shall not move or deflect more than 0.5mm normal to the mounting plane. The base of the interior release control is defined to be the non-moving portion of the handle that mounts to the door..
1	I'm Sagi Rorlich, from the new computer vision lab in Israel.
1	4. Hydro test failure for black color
1	8) Welding temperature: 120-160
1	5. 31/June PM: take flight back to Macau.
1	F3-00
1	Fixed up as you asked with individual bullet points.
1	Actual number: 217 people, actual per capita consumption: 57 yuan
1	whatever you say
1	N speeds
1	Good progress
1	Some from GY call me
1	hi morning
1	I so sad
2	Josh, can you send the drawings over? They are released!
1	o        USBx_DP and USBx_DM are connected directly to the USB connector
1	Your love was handmade for somebody like me
1	As our discussion per phone, we are now trying out best to get all C1 parts shipping on 9 Apr, however, if some items can not be finished on 9 Apr, we hope to ship them on 10 Apr. The details as attachment.  Could you help to confirm.
1	oops!   Wrong movie.     I have the other one ready. It just needs to process.
1	As your lady. Spoil with sweet words. Show love using money; show real you  using your heart .
1	yes but I hope you can lower the price of the fabric.
1	is this key really able to open our door?
1	Alina❤️
1	Keep up the good work 🌷🌹🌷🌹
1	o	10x without Receiver tape
1	• Audit result
1	Quality okay by hand?
1	Burn our stories.
2	The logo errors is not the only problem:
1	Password: U4bF^9es"
1	Area -ID MKT, KHANDAGIRI
1	Use:Cover,Curtain,Home Textile,Bedding
1	Voyager is a journey
1	Because it was taking U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services so long to forward the approval to the National Visa Center, we forwarded the approval to the National Visa Center ourselves.
1	-Please note that early dismissal on behalf of your company is viewed as a full workday, regardless of the lesser amount of hours worked. Your company approach is similar as well when providing services to a customer, or what does your company do differently?
1	Please see the supplementary notes from today’s call
1	Justin’s instagram has no pictures at all. I will add a few posts to instagram and facebook today, announcing testnet, then showing graduation and node map.
1	Yesterday's effective box rate: 98.59%
1	In April the models we can purchase just as follow: Y53、Y55s、Y69、V7、V7+、V9, the other model will be not allowed.
1	Teachers must do the in class review video and it needs to be posted to WeChat/FCS. So you just need to ask the TA to film whilst you do your regular lesson review in the class and they can then upload it for you. If you want to do an extra review and have someone film you do a review after the class as well, then even better. But the in class video review needs to be done.
2	I like you,but just like you
1	2) Play FM on the Accessory.
1	buqian le
1	At that time I am more interested in English, to recite some English homework I will take a long time to practice, practice late into the night, so reciting in class when the speed is fast.
1	Is he suppose to teach art 7 tomorrow!
1	finally
1	Age: 20
1	Bear
1	also, please make sure you tick as shown above on your Onedrive settings
1	DAPP - 10
1	Dealer price  is $47 per unit I have to sell this unit for around $19 to $21 maximum per unit.
1	I have a customer that is having issues with playing specific songs with Amazon Music Unlimited. When they ask for a specific song, it will only work sometimes. This service will not save its spot when car gets turned off and back on again. I can't find if this is normal with this application and if asking for a specific song is just voice recognition issues.
1	Hope Amazon would check the listing and stop this violations.
1	Which question you’re going to answer.?
1	on her shoulders and made it
1	But there are something that unfair.She can flip my cell phone but I cannot flip her phone.She is on the top of my wechat but I’m not her top.She has lot of friends but she is only one that I have.During that time I’m trying to find her every break time but I cannot find her because she’s always play with others.
1	1.a. Record the temperature readings from the meters 1 – 4
1	DAY 2
2	TouchUpEvent 0
1	to the interpretation of properties of rubber vulcanizates
1	If the accessory successfully obtains a coordinate by forward-geocoding the Address parameter of the DestinationInformation message, and the coordinate is within the distance specified in the CoordinateThreshold parameter of the DestinationInformation message from the CenterCoordinate parameter of the DestinationInformation message and there is no EntryPoint value within the DestinationInformation message:
1	a.because of there is a holiday in this week，so the market sweep start at 24th，before or on 28th Jan workoff time，send to nomit，he will handle this task.Make sure get the accurate data during this time，the report of marketing sweep，the BM must check by yourself first，do not send to HO directly，if the unreasonable data is return by HO ，i think the BM will feel losing face.
1	CUTE
1	what's the fuck ？
1	which display on devices, especially pushing in adapter during the devices's power status is off or
1	9: today's work schedule: Visiting a customer.
1	We noticed that your app contains a payment mechanism other than in-app purchase for digital content or to unlock features or functionality within your app, which is not appropriate for the App Store. In-app purchase is the only valid in-app payment mechanism for digital content.
1	How old are you?
1	Outward Load Name
1	In addition, we see a big decline in performance of EAF#2 during last 5 days !!
1	the problem has been resolved
1	Annual bonus: 4500*83%*7/12=2179
1	Sent via the Samsung Galaxy S®6 active, an AT&T 4G LTE smartphone
1	2.when DB recive the stock ,must distribute the stock to the outlets at the first time
1	SY55	SY0058BHN8708
1	Paramount’s movie “Suburbicon” is getting release in China this weekend. According to related regulations the movies of the major 6 can only be imported and distributed on revenue share basis with China film group, but Paramount concealed its relationship with the production of the movie, removed the logos and copyright information on the posters and in the movie, used a third party to import it as a buyout movie. This is identified serious violations of the regulations.
1	I learned Chinese
1	Great for commercial or home, kitchen or bar use.
1	we can go ahead Dima
1	Hi!) wife’s cakes please.
1	50250336.50520435
1	..  Structuring the
1	We're continuing to drive mobile app through instagram stories
1	- DestinationInformationStatus is sent by the accessory within 3 seconds of the device sending DestinationInformation
2	Brian was the compliance lead for Fresenius Kabi. FK has 2 facilities in the US, one in Buffalo and the other near Chicago. The Buffalo facility is a terminally sterilized facility and the Chicago facility (legacy APP facility) makes aseptic products, including lyo vancomycin
1	The real death is forgotten.
1	- Appropriate, easily understood and legible?
1	Welcome
2	0) Go to USB Transfers.
1	Fixture
1	Category: Residence
1	paper
1	d. Featuring industry performance has also been favored by buyers, the five major industries are: furniture, home&garden, rubber products, Food&beverage, Beauty &Personal care
1	ACP: 4
1	J7 NXT16 : 03/10
1	*For new comer, I give you the advice as follow:
1	This Message is from mobile
1	Off site punching but I am in office location
1	After 15:30, write comments for the students. They will provide four computers. (The Interview Questions and Interview Report are in our group.)
1	If anything contrary to the Supplementary Agreement, the Supplementary Agreement shall prevail.客户要求把这句删掉
1	Call your reading, you are going to the cattle
1	So it’s better to advise the hydrogen peroxide
1	Di tells me you are working to finalize the schedule.  We have opened up the time to come to there on the schedule you proposed.
1	CM07WT claim update: GIO still wait for repairer to assess and send back photos, GIO need to do internal assessment after receiving the photos, turnaround time is approx. 1 week before approve the repair works
1	I’m interested in your product Hot sale fashion custom 100 cotton printed fabric baby print clothes, I would like some more details.
1	i only have broadcast invite..
1	on average how long we need to work from next week?
3	Where are you now?
1	Covers material costs on the replacement of
1	Comfirm the computer is fault, not the antenna .Noted it XY part can't use on N Registed aircraft.
1	Log In To account
1	91110105MA004FR44Q
1	Please take note when making leggings don’t make them big down,they have to be tight,leggings need to be slender
1	Can your side fix and test all the scenarios ?
3	Verify that adjusting Siri’s volume does not impact Music’s volume, and Music resumes to the level set prior to invoking Siri.
1	4) The CarPlay content is always rendered pixel by pixel without resorting to any scaling or stretching. The pixels must be visible to the user from all view angles, and the video stream must not be stretched or scaled.
1	I will come back in the friday
3	Verify —
1	(Want to see the content of your taste, download it immediately, headlines today)
1	jianshi l
2	5) Verify that main audio with audioType: speech, audioType: telephony, and audioType: default, must include audioInputFormats and audioOutputFormats
1	> > > If I export the film from eyeTV as mp4 and then mirror it, I get the
1	"0) Set ringer switch on Apple device to ON.
1	No wye
1	I can buy this unit in the USA from CHAUVET for $216.66 each unit. You need to find another manufacturer that would make the mold for cheaper that is waterproof.
1	I did not think it would be a budget airline.
1	Estimated probabilit
1	LS524641767CN
1	Seven
1	I finally got a tire inflated, removed the inflator, and re-connected it.
1	Wing, last change.
1	Also, keep up the good work with the mosaics and let's make some art pieces out of them!
1	1. Prescreening Stage
1	You're out of work now
1	i think is her user issue ... only her user couldnt view msg .. so i create a new user for her .. settled .. thankiu ...
1	It's just a matter of courtesy
1	V9 Super Day Week Sales Analysis
1	From today, for every partner including agency Will get the information about new rules.. so i think start from today the low quality Will be decrease
2	SHRINK TUBE. (XX-REFERS TO CURRENT REV. #)
3	I will, too.
2	200005316	120102
1	We are not like other ink companies selling into industrial, office and business. By specializing in fine art and photography we have built a remarkable reputation. My company specializes in formulating photographic and fine art encapsulated pigment inks for Epson printers. We do this here in our own location in Vermont. Like Apex, we are often first to market.
1	missing 11 containers.
1	.net too old fashion
1	I don't understand what are you talking about
1	Apple, pitaya, pear
1	Sorry Ian, I checked now the attachment and it is the same of the first. Can you control it too?
1	I want 4 hour break
1	Drinking faster and then we talk slow
1	A Section 321 entry is a type of informal entry that allows the release of goods valued at $800 or less. To be released under a Section 321, the shipment must not exceed $800 in value and must not be one of several lots covered by a single order or contract. Section 321 entries are beneficial to importers because they reduce paperwork for low-value goods and allow faster clearance processing.
1	Hi Cybil, sent it just now.
1	our job is delivery, if customer want new order, inform them to make order of facebook.
1	so can you buy that double faced adhesive tape?
1	4z872uy5mJ
1	1) Start a phone call on the CarPlay device.
1	Hi, dear Rioven . How is the video and flow chart checking ? Is everything ok ?
1	6- the file power point show u the polish /
1	2. Both a copy and the direct link to the government website of your Finance Permit issued from the local finance governing authority (金融许可证).
1	Appease, then surgery:
1	We are building an electric forklift inside our plant premises. This is proto one.
1	ok ~your very love cow？i know
1	Greetings from Resorts World Sentosa!
1	Need ask all dealer put every store
1	are you sure？
1	Verify changeModes command with appStateID=Speech, speechMode=Speaking and speechMode = Recognizing Speech is seen.
1	Picture of the design team awarding James the new logo
1	API Key:
1	I would get one for you but no idea where to starry
1	Neinei is for kids
1	C. Don’t trust people unless you know them.
1	What do you do?
1	1.  The handset is powered on and camped on the AT&T network.
2	- a graphic that matches the description of the graphic in the Accessory Interface Specification
1	i am coming
1	i need u
1	i need ask my mum to get back his ipad
1	1. Firstly, we need to go for survey measurement and asked paint color from Ma Yamin(Owner).
1	can we get the scale right?
1	Ok, we are effort to complete the delivery system
1	Chana masala looks good
1	Hi Dengyue Yang  !!!
1	Do take note of this Mavis :)
1	这个价格毛利率多少啊？
1	are you fucking sure？
1	A lot depends on use case of how system is being used and what operator would find most informative
1	Rest with Hai Ping! I'm in Shanghai on Monday, on Wednesday. 17th birthday, go for the tour.
1	Refer to attached photo.
1	P: Sometimes.
1	我找到了，Branch Office - Mumbai
1	2.5.        Standby current :  2.7-3 mA , OK
1	1.Yes it is right that $2.15 for 2 glasses and i absolutely agree that the business is a win-win matter.I am very appreciate that you want us to be profitable at the same time.
2	0) Connect an Apple CarPlay enabled device and begin a CarPlay session.
1	DurationSelect how long your listing will run. If your item doesn't sell, you can choose to relist it. Learn more
1	800-RWE678-01-0
1	Today despatch my order
1	Have you picked up a dinner ticket, please?
2	 25) Disconnect the device
1	The original teacher can teach it when they get off leave
1	"0) In the CarPlay Session view, identify each changeModes command sent by the accessory.
1	Today complete gross margin hair 4249
1	-        BorgWarner and Deerfu should identify the problem:
1	Photo 4
1	19744959
1	EasyAccess 2.0 Team
1	birthday
1	go out
1	recently they got a buyer from Sri Lanka, 40 feet 1 container, and already received the payment
1	Discount and offer amount: 202 yuan
1	On the way to tomb
1	May you be happy and prosperous
1	I really can’t think of a reason why this would happen for you and not for me, unless you have a browser cookie with “aliyun_lang” set to “CN” (i.e. you visited the Chinese site from your phone.
1	Start a phone call using a second phone connected using Bluetooth.
1	Invalid connection id
1	it can be Lulu or anyone else, no problem. But please make sure someone from SBC will be in charge of this, thanks!
1	re planing to change improve the icon set. Do you want us to do it now or next version?
1	2) Submit the completed document to Apple using Apple Bug Reporter.
1	Product : Manufacturer of Flanges
1	(  C )10.Mary doesn't _____her homework after lunch.
1	rtnx3n
1	I miss you now
1	The following messages are considered critical to complete a buyer's order:
1	Now, waht can  I help you?
1	karma is bitch
1	whatspp and phone number
1	Ok we have chat on. Will add mom when she has ding
1	Steven jedah mobile he give us. 370000 nearly. And remaining he will pay tomorrow when he will get stock. Is that okay.
1	200006755	170102
1	• Process output
1	ethan
1	What are uses it home tonight
1	销售 Daisy:
1	Verify that a requestSiri command is sent each time the Siri button is pressed or released
1	Verify that the native UI is limited as well.
2	header should contain:
1	2 This month to complete Member: 0
1	Dear Hangzhou Ju A network technology co. LTD.,
1	If you respond to me well, you have to do
1	Call-15
1	well, I'm in GSKA which has 5 brands
1	Hi everyone, I just wanted to remind you that nothing is to be dropped off into the resource library. This firefighter toy and the box were left in the resource library. We need to prevent this please.
1	OK no problem
1	Hurricane Daily Share : Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you are a hypocritical people.It means you're mature enough to tolerate you dislike towards them.
1	I received auditor Lin Bin message this morning as follows:                          I believe technical center is reviewing. Let's see what will happen. u may ask bv issue you a letter to cetify that u r pass the audit and waiting for the cert i think.
1	12) While TBT props are playing, adjust the volume
1	V9 sales report ---
1	Shopping
1	What it mean sir?
1	Dear Mike
1	we need to tell the USP or benefit of this product on this image
1	Main screen
1	today   我   don't know   说 what
1	Many people get caught at airport because of this
1	Scheduling tool that recognizes correct time zones and locations
1	Yelowl PURPLE
1	OK, you have a good meeting. After the meeting, send me a message, I am writing.
1	Happy new year!
1	U guys use nature gas in Eaf?
1	The payment is Michael directly paid to them and their are subcon of our supplier.
1	A1+.       01
1	From Sarah, FYI: sorry to forget to inform u a new outsourced HR member,Angel Chan,  will join us today as she just signed contract last thurs and so not yet have any wb-info yet. Please assign her to sit at Erica’s old cubicle. Thanks.
1	(average over 12 h) of ≤0,1 mA corresponding to 1,2 mAh (above +40 °C ≤0,2 mA)
1	20180405 Daily work:
1	" The failure of the drive side Bull Gear occurred from a root of the gear tooth on
1	You will have  a maximum of 10 Families together at 1 time, I think space can be arranged better. Can't effect fencing.
1	SPEC #990-00012-00.
2	Verify that the vehicle provides a CarPlay button in the form of one of the following: a physical button, a soft button in a top-level menu, or a menu item in a top-level menu.
1	- tomorrow JL visit preparation
1	Hi everyone, after the flea market our class ended up with an extra green table and we are missing our white table. We have a lot of students so we need it back. Does anyone have an extra white table
1	Connectivity to the power distributor we can choose relevant plug shape to meet demands of different countries.
1	2. Today's interview for 0 people
1	We cant order agricultural tires from your company because your prices are too high when compared to Malhotra which is being imported by our competitor
1	my dear
1	Daling
1	Hi yellow, please find attached the latest website content, with minor edits and comments
1	Change??
1	Get out
1	1) 1*1/5.                                            2)about 11 knots in 1 cm.              3) making about 11 month.           4) 1470$
1	I need to confirm what BU we need to cover in each countries
1	joy10.   01
1	Hi Franky may i ask you to write the emails to communicate with my finance team since they don't use the dingtalk
1	are they copy us
1	Dear Sender:
1	Verify that all Siri responses are crisp and free of any pops and clicks."
1	"The CarPlay UI is shown on the Main Screen. The accessory displays images from the backup camera. The Main Screen returns to CarPlay after the backup camera ends.
1	you know
1	Ship To
1	and we will follow 1 week /2 times  to ensure all items can be order by store since each Mon  and each Thu
1	Suggested Title: “The future of Retail is happening right now - in China”
1	then we try this
1	Nbgwzbawgsn，nyxabdl
1	9) Highly committed, hardworking and self-disciplined candidates welcomed.
1	or was that a mistake the " California 65 certification" showed up in DE market?
1	Multiple Entry
1	A summary: the first point, oneself too much, first went into a misunderstanding, as long as you feel the character is good to move to the unfamiliar market, so the people who started talking didn't come at all at last. I want to understand a lot after the study of the new owner's house, now, I 've made a framework for myself, too, whether it's a wide shop or a focus, the invited objects are already listed, and there's a certain basis for talking, but I don't know how to ask.
1	shit
1	* Participate and coordinate multi-disciplinary teams including suppliers and customer in understanding the magnitude of the issue and define together with the team corrective actions that are needed
1	the request time is before 12am 4 Apr. get all visit card back.
1	Nobody check the truck?
1	checked with Joe, still need to find a slot.  will coem back to u later.
1	Not sure if we should highlight this risk anywhere on this document itself or when we have clarifications with them
4	bingo
5	me too
1	Good good  study day day up
1	Tony will confirm processor with Stores
1	And they have nothing
1	Please submit your F5 (YOUTH) Price tag Requirement with set .... According to that we will give Price tag not less then that... and those who will not give will not get it
1	201JD8
1	Labor Health Security and
1	- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal
1	Summary
1	Female​​
1	Tsunami FaceTime to me
1	I go back to the company next Monday
1	5. In the case of dispute, what resolution mechanism does your app and service offer?
1	Miranda understands Yun will be translating each of her answers live so she needs to answer concisely and in smaller chunks so Yun and properly translate."
1	Any update regarding Cover page set up for fax?
1	VESTIGES MUST BE SUBFLUSH ON FINISHED PART.
1	Are you at work？
1	rubbish
1	3402 is the basic expenditure, bought some stuff for teacher dept and campus.
1	Hi I will find you in your office this noon
1	Thank You,
1	Yes, the dollar is up on the week—but there are seasonal factors at play
1	GOVERNMENT OF PAKISTAN
4	2.3.1 - Have hidden or undocumented features, including hidden "switches" that redirect to a gambling or lottery website
1	The Simple Start plan supports a single user and costs $15 per month. Like the Self-Employed plan, it allows you to track income and expenses, create invoices, accept payments and run reports. However, you can also send estimates, and it tracks sales and sales tax.
1	let it be
1	I heard some of you are not happy about being left out to the project teams (trivia and ico) . But before you get grumpy, please take a look at our schedule this week
1	2.5.10 You Need Carrots
1	The meet next time
1	i will be bringing in some tacos i cooked from last night if anyone wants to try
1	I   Am   Zhou Min  Liang
1	Come on, be my baby, come on
1	flash -sale outlets report！！！
1	do you have an admin account ?
2	hey friend, nice 2 meet u, thanks for your apply of our task on AliExpress Connect, this is ROCK team. Could you send me your:
1	String house
1	✔Decision making
1	Where can a wine house be found to drown his sadness?
1	I am sorry Oh, the little secretary can not understand the picture right now, please describe your question in a word, how to Use attendance card?
1	what do you mean transfer fee?
1	The number of people leaving the same day: 0
1	By the way, could you update the production report as well?
1	We look forward to reviewing your resubmission.
1	Hi, it’s about 20 hours. That amount of time is a little risky, but there are little lobster companies in Nova Scotia that do it every week. I only know of 1 trucking company that will ship there, and they do it once a week on Saturday or Sunday
1	One was better than all the others, and the Prince gave his approval(赞许) with his hands and sent her a smile.
1	self inspection report
1	• Publisher ID & Name: CD41932 - Miguel Goncalves
1	Ten. Your file deleted. Just uploaded again to the correct folder
1	Specifically, can we create the Samsung store URL and page without activating the visibility/traffic while we set up the full set of pages
1	There are 18 people on the coach today. We got 6 more eVIP. Some families they want to share a barcode. 3 people already have the coupon. 2 people have been to bicester village before. 4 people prefer the coupon when i told them we will also give them paper one when we arrive to the village.
1	Long press Power key when turn off MS
1	Samples can be provided.
1	Verify that there are no oemIcon, oemIcons, and oemIconLabel keys.
1	4) Pier Paolo Benedetti - Vice General Manager of  Yizhong Education and co- founder of Edulife Spa
1	If “THE AGENCY” cease to comply with its obligations or perform the services subject to this Agreement, “THE CLIENT” shall have the right to claim the termination of this Agreement and the reimbursement of any amount paid to “THE AGENCY”, provided that such paid services have not been provided to “THE CLIENT” on the date and conditions agreed between ”THE CLIENT” and “THE AGENCY”.
1	1437499352
1	For six years, my dear, you gave me a lot of touching and comfort, and I owe you a gentle, so today, I really would like to invite you to dinner, at the lake and chitchat bartender, but often you hear you for pang ma's ass, you said you next life to do her daughter-in-law, and I was very angry and jealous, why would you do that? Don't I good? Don't I'm not feminine? And I'm not your dream lover?
1	For concrete floor, please find the email regards to the sample confirmation. CBRE said they don't have.
1	..
1	16:30-17:00:
1	great minds think alike
2	200008276	120102
1	L
1	Reduce the cost, increase the income and cut the expenditure, build the high quality young chicken
1	Today target -00
1	Power: 0.5W
1	Morning
9	Verify that the accessory sets the info message modes key to:
1	Drying Time
1	As I told you in my last email…Can you send me the tracking number of the last materials that we are waiting? To proceed with the payment.
1	Hello ****
1	Gentleman, only for Girls.
1	Verify that technical words such as USB device, mobile device or projection device are not used when referring to the user’s Apple device.
1	4.6  Fri  ——> 4.8 Sun classes
1	If one day
1	0) In the iAP2 Control Session, see IdentificationInformation message from the accessory
1	Hi Koa, you can still come to the annual party. We need to use Dingding to do two things:
1	Ohh
1	3. Mapping settlement file with TrueMoney and CIL, provide description to TrueMoney.
1	Mr Liu please wait a moment
2	Yes
1	u check again
1	8 invitation to Shanxi CUSTOMER 1.
1	Mr. EK will show the customers around our GZ office this afternoon or tomorrow
1	I wasn't sure what to do
1	I did not mean to hurt anyone.
1	Project time: November 2017-to date
1	I talked with the chief of quality for development department, Tina Hua. She also pay high attention to this issue. Actually for 2DP, we did several 2DP audits for some VW projects, but to be frank, not so familiar with this audit. Ok, if they are not so familiar with the documents and the process we should no say we are familiar, because if we are sending wrong completed documents to the customer and they will see that we are not familiar it is worse as to say no we are not really familiar with this. Furthermore you could ask as well NVH Quality Department if they are familiar and get support !!!
1	1)	Department Performance
1	5-vehicle parking provision.
1	Yap. Let me know if I can be any help.
1	my son
1	can you click on the POSgAPI - 2.0.1 on your screen capture?
1	告诉新人，Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.
1	to day please you eat
1	5.3.4 - Do not have the necessary licensing and permissions for all the locations where the app is used
1	Can we get a sample like this carpets?
1	Untrusted reset flow with Username with Uppercase&Number&Special characters
1	BE THE CASE OF CABLE LENGTHS OR TABULATED VARIABLE DIMENSIONS. THE SUPPLIER
1	alice, jamsine, tine, cherry and lala?
1	You can make a excel file by yourself, not just pass the other company’s quotation
1	sb
1	Let him feel the enthusiasm of our team partners to witness the charm of our industry [likes] [likes] [likes] and let him know the talent in the industry to feel the atmosphere of the team! [Like] [likes] [likes] [likes] [likes] [likes]
1	min
1	And Boss  please you know Ghana if you want something done fast you need to add some unofficial money. So please if you would not mind just send Ghc 5,000 so that l can see the people in charge fast,fast to complete this valid document for you within a week
1	To play the CarPlay video test streams, send each frame into your decoder and examine the output at the display.
1	1) Verify that audioType: compatibility contains:
2	4.Measure the glue height with Omron Laser. (ongoing)
1	2.	Oozing inspection result update based on Jade’s SOP, separate inner and outer. What’s your improve plan for oozing?
1	Student type: Gold member
1	kiryu
1	the logical way is that the person who is at DE46 to go to OI39 with the powermeter directly (if not somebody has to go to DE46 for the tool and the to OI39). So just lets keep it simple. Lingxiao go there in his Dutty time leaving DE46 alone 2 hours
1	While viewing ATS traffic, verify through pressing all steering wheel buttons that requestSiri commands are sent just from one of the buttons dedicated to Siri."
1	。。，
1	cool
2	I still remember the first time we met in Shanghai.we all run out of time,we can only run through yesterday’s own.hope you enjoy the time with MINGTribe also hope we can create more miracles together!
1	I will still available if someone need my assistance, and fidelia will cover up me for several day. And yes i will discuss with ms katie
1	There is an error in my MWF 18:00 reports. The system is showing a class tomorrow (Saturday) with an overdue report.—-Randal
1	how  is Manchester a perfect example of how industrialization changed cities？
1	These classics like the ability to coach employees, avoid micromanagement, and support employees' career development remained important.
1	24 kHz, 16-bit mono
1	I am going to zong he lou.
1	Sorry I am on business trip as well, could not attend it neither. Thanks
1	ur english
1	is your room dark
1	I will check it
1	All this, combined with a level of quality, guaranteed the total satisfaction of the client, who was assisted every step of the way in finding the best lighting solutions for their home.
1	Our slogan is: Get rid of R15, attack, attack, i'm gonna attack you again.
1	3.Start DOE2 (Re-do DOE1, will start DOE 2 soon)
1	1.Households devoted more of their budgets to clothing, food and online purchases at the end of 2017 than the year before, according to figures on consumer spending.
1	First, I will first communicate with the teacher, ask her to take the children to be quiet, second of the children tell members a little strict, don't let the children play loud noise in the corridor and third don't broadcast a children's film, let them watch tv.
1	I'm compiling the Smartlock defective status. Could you help to fill in the attachment? It's with drop-down lists to make it easier to fill up.
1	Cheer up!
1	0) Connect the Apple device to the accessory
1	TEACHER: ____________________
1	The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Friday it would respond to what it called “a new anti-Russian attack” harshly. Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Sunday the ministry had a list of potential responses which were being worked on.
1	one more question about this issue
1	To resolve this issue, please delete your consumable in-app purchase products, then create separate non-renewing subscription in-app purchase products for each item that the user would have exchanged those consumable products for. This product type matches the usage model for the products you are ultimately selling to your users.
1	Synopsis－Most of the class can be spent on the role-plays. The two warm-ups are included for the teacher's reference but are  not necessary to use. The phrasal vocabulary is more useful than Activity I but both can be used to stretch out a one on one  salon. Otherwise, it is recommended to use most of the class on the role-plays so the students get lots of practice.
1	But we probably needs to delay our meeting until 11:30
1	honey are you sleepy
1	total :07
1	Please help me to claim ,,, thanks thanks. 🙏
1	1.d. Allen: once the parts arrive in the pick-up area on the second deck, put stickers on them showing the temperature and chain speed as shown in green above. Mark the top cross tube of the frame with a “T” and set the parts aside for evaluation next day.
1	I'm good man
1	SECOND. - SERVICES WITH ADDITIONAL COST.
1	3W
1	1 single store: 0.
1	because when u pay there is option , maximum payment is 10000 , so i forgort
1	This week's focus: 251 #
1	Goestime page now ready in ES
1	noted, thanks Tom
1	200006441	060102
1	3162777609
1	Eight country coalition invading millet nail group
3	Regards,
1	上周，针对欧洲职位的合规性问题，已经单独和涉该区域招聘的SG沟通，请涉及欧洲职位的SG再单线跟我确认一遍~
1	As I can not find another way this is what we will do
2	Jan&Feb 22
1	"If the accessory supports dedicated Telephony steering wheel controls for Flash or Hook Switch and Drop, verify that the accessory sends the HID event even when the device is not on an active call.
1	Good news. But did not quite get the first sentence. Are these two seperate matters?
1	 28) Turn on the car and reverse to engage the backup camera
1	I will be thinking over each document during my 16-hour flight
1	Request a phone call from App Review
1	Thanksgiving family, pleasure]
1	I volunteer to be 土豪 and have the ladies be my gang 😬😇
1	162332
1	The scheduled departure time of flight JD 5157 ZSHC-ZPPP is 1000L，reporting time will be 0830L. The shuttle bus is going to depart at 0745 from St Rich hotel
2	sleep
1	Nameplate Unveiling Ceremony of Language Lab of Confucius Institute at Phuket,Prince of Songkla University
1	I am asking the progress for the express you arranged to Guangzhou
1	◦  First time, reference sensor should be at original position
4	what
1	Aunt Dai, are you able to understand Guangdong Chinese?
1	process  flow
1	Thanks for your information.
1	Chinese Academy of Sciences
2	Verify H.264 video frames are not being buffered
1	2) Play audio from the Apple device.
1	Facebook
1	Stupid is me
1	Low walkins.
1	a. NO CHANGES SHALL BE ALLOWED ON PRODUCTION MATERIALS,
1	Aye Myittar Disable School
1	You mean your coworker pass away
1	It is enough with one but we add info what is different in 584
1	Please:
1	You are the apple of my eyes。
1	What is your plant improvemnet mainly for PSA project? The 1-4 points listed are examples for your reference, thanks.
1	Mob:+86-150 0255 5403                   Whatsapp:+86-150 0255 5403
1	I have a comment about this banner, It looks good, but the copy says "Discover Xiaomi Note 5" I think we need to use that phone on the banner to make a connection between copy and design.
1	1.      Please advise if you can adding a quick connector fitting (express joint) to where the sprayer hose attaches to underside of faucet. Intention is that it better tightens and remains tight. See attached photo.
1	Tomorrow is another day,be happy
1	0) Press any steering wheel Telephony controls that accept/end a phone call (i.e. Flash or Hook Switch and Drop)
1	Dear friend, welcome to our booth Hall3 E34 at Elecrama 2018 .
1	Shenzhen Dicolor Optoelectronics Co
1	12J22162
1	Who send to you this?
1	LADEN ON BOARD THE VESSEL
1	All  installations have been completed，waiting for BWT engineer tomorrow⋯
1	I have gigs upon gigs of random files and research, and this is the perfect term for it.
1	MOST OF THEM SEEMS LIKE HAS NO INTEREST ON LEARNING ON MOST OF MACHINES. WE NEED TO CHANGE THEIR MINDSET AND MOTIVATE THEM. EMPLOYEES WHO KNOW A LOT WILL BE A BIGGER HELP FOR THE COMPANY AND THE SAME TIME ON THEIRSELVE, THEY LEARN SOMETHING NEW.
2	Note: RequestSiri(prewarm) to requestSiri(buttonDown) must be 600ms or less, and audio setup request to setup response must be 100ms or less. So, requestSiri(prewarm) to setup response must be 700ms or less."
1	Pinhole Std. Level: 3
1	that is ok. let everybody know it and do that way.
3	someone's  also owned above 1 phone
2	All She has is 45mins. Limited
1	If I give again they will reject
1	Thank you very much.Pleasure to be here.
1	KIBBUTZ KFAR-AZA M.P NEGEV
1	Defective not working at all
1	activation of external loads).
1	7.11	package drop
1	6. problems needed to be resolved: No.
1	Do I need to raise a CR for this?
1	This one need labdp
1	A short feedback from your schedule would be appreciated.
1	1007687
1	I calculate the price for you
1	video
1	Ok. Thanks. I guess to have questions down in writing would be easier for them to prepare too
1	There are three monkeys.
1	Dear Dora this will cost me some 含羞草 to day
1	Yes dear but it has too much fat
1	Verify with ATS-
1	14744049
1	OK，good night，Mr Right，see you tomorrow
1	Stay  here  or  i  will  go  with  u
1	I am available. Do let me know if it is on.
1	there is no reasons why but delievery limits
1	Haha....  You are not lucky because your lucky star was gone !
